PART 7
Directions: In this part you will read a selection of texts, such as magazine and newspaper articles,
e-mails, and instant messages. Each text or set of texts is followed by several questions. Select the
best answer for each question and mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
Questions 147-148 refer to the following Web page.
https://www.aci.com/childrens-oral-care/availableoptions
Available Options Toothbrushes Mouthwash Other Products
Artemis Consolidated Industries (ACI) is the country's leading manufacturer of a range of
oral hygiene products for children and adults. Among our best sellers is Oraglitz, the
nation's most popular children's toothpaste. It has won various industry awards, including
the Product Excellence Prize. In addition to being available on this Web site, Oraglitz can
also be purchased at supermarkets, pharmacies, and health food stores nationwide.
Some Basic Facts About Oraglitz
Flavor Designed for Ages Size
Peach 18 months to 3 years 5 and 6 ounce
Strawberry 3 to 4 years
Vanilla 4 to 7 years
4, 5, and 6 ounce
4 and 5 ounce
Mint 7 years and up 4 and 6 ounce
147. What is NOT stated about Oraglitz?
(A) It is widely available.
(B) It comes in three sizes.
(C) It has seen an increase in sales
recently.
(D) It is highly regarded within the industry.
148. What flavor of Oraglitz is best for an
eight-year-old child?
(A) Peach
(B) Strawberry
(C) Vanilla
(D) Mint
Questions 149-150 refer to the following e-mail.
*E-mail
Parsons Road Distribution List
Alfredo Moreno
To:
From:
Date:
Subject: Parsons Road
October 12
Dear Parsons Road Businesses:
Beginning in March. Parsons Road will be widened between Memorial Boulevard and
Hallam Road. The project will add a center turn lane, bicycle paths, pedestrian paths.
and streetlights. In addition, a side gutter will be added to improve water flow.
The Parsons Road project ties into work completed between Hallam Road and Ingraham
Avenue earlier this year. This work will improve access to your businesses and increase
pedestrian safety on Parsons Road, which can be quite busy. The roadwork is expected
to take three months to complete. Please visit www.yorkcity.gov/parsonsroadproject for
more information.
Sincerely.
Alfredo Moreno
Community Relations Manager
Bethany Construction and Engineering
149. What is the purpose of the e-mail?
(A) To inform local companies about
upcoming construction
(B) To request feedback on a
road-improvement plan
(C) To advise businesses about a new
traffic light
(D) To ask for help in distributing
information
150. What is indicated about the Parsons Road
project?
 (A) It was delayed three times.
(B) It requires additional funding.
(C) It is expected to begin on October 12.
(D) It will make walking near the road safer.
Questions 151-152 refer to the following text-message chain.
Akim Diallo (10:47 A.M.)
Hi, Nicolette. Is your e-mail working? I just
reset my password, and now I'm having
trouble connecting to the network. Is it just
me? I don't want to miss any important
e-mails.
Nicolette Kone (10:49 A.M.)
No, mine is down too.
Akim Diallo (10:52 A.M.)
Any idea what's going on?
Nicolette Kone (10:52 A.M.)
No, but let me see what I can find out.
Nicolette Kone (10:58 A.M.)
I just checked with the tech support team. It
seems to be a global issue with the provider.
Akim Diallo (10:59 A.M.)
Let's hope it gets resolved soon. Our clients
don't wait-if we don't respond to their
requests immediately, they move on to the
next supplier.
Nicolette Kone (11:02 A.M.)
That's true. I'll let you know if I get any
updates.
151. What is Mr. Diallo unable to do?
(A) Access his e-mail account
(B) Locate his Internet provider
(C) Update his résumé information
(D) Contact the tech support team
152. At 11:02 A.M., what does Ms. Kone most
likely mean when she writes, "That's true"?
(A) She feels that the supplier makes
unreasonable requests.
(B) She understands that customers can be
impatient.
(C) She thinks her company needs a new
service provider.
(D) She expects to receive a status update
soon.
Questions 153-154 refer to the following sign.
Attention!
Some park visitors have been intentionally stacking piles of rocks as an art form or
for amusement. Please refrain from doing this on park grounds, as these unofficial
rock stacks can disrupt sensitive habitats and affect the area's natural beauty.
New rock piles can also endanger hikers who traditionally rely on stacked rock
markers as navigational tools. Park officials are the only ones who should be stacking
rocks, and they do so strategically on trails where the path may be unclear. If you see
rocks that have been stacked, please leave them alone, and do not create confusion
by making your own stack.
153. What is the purpose of the sign?
(A) To describe a historic monument
(B) To warn hikers about dangerous trails
(C) To change a behavior of visitors
(D) To ask for help with a building project
154. According to the sign, what do park
officials do?
(A) They coordinate group activities.
(B) They create directional markers.
(C) They issue resource permits.
(D) They grant access to a scenic overlook.
Questions 155-157 refer to the following article.
Orinti Explains Web Site Updates
SAN DIEGO (May 2)-Orinti, Inc., one of
North America's largest purveyors of tea,
recently added a page to its Web site, listing
the sources of all the tea leaves that end up in
its final products. The page was created in
response to recent public scrutiny over
whether the company is justified in claiming
that its tea is pesticide-free.
"The rumors being circulated do not
reflect reality," Orinti CEO Giovanni Shaw
said in a public statement issued on Tuesday.
"We procure tea leaves only from producers
who meet our strict quality standards. We
never settle for anything less."
155. What does the company's new Web page
display?
(A) The origin of its ingredients
(B) The steps in a production process
(C) The results of some product testing
(D) The process for evaluating new
vendors
156. Why did Mr. Shaw issue a public
statement?
(A) To announce a policy change
(B) To apologize for an oversight
(C) To correct some misinformation
(D) To reveal a new regional partner
According to Mr. Shaw, the company
also utilizes software that tracks the
producer, the processing date, and other
pertinent data for each batch of tea leaves.
"This level of detail is not displaycd on
our packaging for the simple reason that we
do not have the space for it," said Mr. Shaw.
"As we are committed to transparency, this
information can be viewed on our Web site."
The popular blog foodnews.org was the
first to call into question Orinti's assertion
that its tea leaves are grown without the use
of pesticides. The issue has since attracted
national attention.
157. What does the article suggest about
Orinti, Inc.?
(A) It is considering some packaging
alternatives.
(B) It is changing its leadership team.
(C) It wants to keep its recipes confidential.
(D) It gets information from an electronic
tracking system.
Questions 158-160 refer to the following notice.
Learn about Woodworking
Multonia Hardware, Inc., is offering an online video course about basic
woodworking. -[1] -. The course is fun and can be completed at your own pace,
and, best of all, it's free! It is divided into four prerecorded sections.-121-
Section 1 is an introduction to woodworking equipment, tools, and safety. -[3]-
Section 2 describes various types of wood and their appropriate uses. Section 3
introduces the fundamentals of cabinet and furniture repair. -[4]-. The final
section describes the preparation of wood surfaces and a variety of popular and
beautiful finishing techniques.
The course includes a downloadable instruction guide and an online chat feature that
can connect participants with an experienced woodworking artisan. Sign up today at multoniahardware.com/tips/basicwoodworking.
158. What section most likely covers how to
choose wood for a project?
(A) Section 1
(B) Section 2
(C) Section 3
(D) Section 4
160. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?
"Participants may take and retake as many
of the sections as they wish."
159. According to the notice, how can
participants find help while taking the
course? (A) [1]
(B) [2]
(C)
(D)

[3]
[4]
(A) By buying a textbook from Multonia
Hardware
(B) By reaching out to other course
participants
(C) By visiting a Multonia Hardware
location
(D) By contacting an expert through the
Web site
Questions 161-164 refer to the following e-mail.
*E-mail
To:
From:
Kristen Coetzee <kcoetzee@rhyta.co.za>
Anita Ngubane <angubane@clubfreshenup.co.za>
Subject: Welcome to Club Freshen-Up
Date: 12 January
Dear Ms. Coetzee,
Thank you for joining Club Freshen-Up. We are delighted to be a part of your
continuing journey to well-being for the next twelve months.
Your membership in Club Freshen-Up entitles you to a monthly delivery of six essential
health-care and beauty products. Each shipment will contain a variety of individually
packaged items in attractive and reusable containers. Accompanying every shipment will
be an itemised receipt listing product numbers. Please refer to these numbers when
contacting us with questions about a product.
Everything from vitamins to lotions to cosmetics will be chosen just for you based on
the eight answers you provided in the personal-preferences questionnaire. Every item
you receive is guaranteed for one full year from the date of shipment. If you wish to
return an item, simply send us the unused portion along with a short note describing the
reason for your dissatisfaction. Upon receipt, we will send you an alternative of equal
value.
Sincerely,
Anita Ngubane
Member Services Specialist, Club Freshen-Up
161. What will a Club Freshen-Up subscriber
receive every month?
(A) Vegetarian cooking ingredients
(B) Fitness training equipment
(C) Household cleaning supplies
(D) Personal care merchandise
162. What does Club Freshen-Up offer its
customers?
(A) Monthly consultations
(B) Free shipping
(C) A product guarantee
(D) A print catalog
163. According to the e-mail, what should
accompany every product return?
(A) The original shipping material
(B) A written explanation
(C) A copy of the receipt
(D) The preferences questionnaire
164. What will Club Freshen-Up do when it
receivesa product return?
(A) Provide the customer with a discount
on a future membership fee
(B) Refund the purchase price
(C) Replace the item with another product
(D) Increase the number of products
included in a future shipment
Questions 165-167 refer to the following letter.
9 September
Soraya Delgado
Carrer de Bergara, 2, 08139
Sant Cugat del Valles
Barcelona, Spain
Dear Ms. Delgado,
I am writing to notify you that the board of directors has selected you to receive
the Ondae Award for Leadership for the Mediterranean region. Your contributions
to Allegrino Travel Agency helped place our company on the radar this year. Due to
your relentless work, your direction of the "Find a New Way" marketing initiative,
and your strategic development and placement of advertising, our travel agency is
now one of the most recognized brands in Europe.
The award ceremony will be held at the next shareholders' meeting of Allegrino
Travel Agency in Copenhagen on 19 November. I would like to ask you to consider
being a featured speaker at the meeting in addition to accepting your award. I
believe your insights into boosting market share and finding new ways to reframe
our services would be incredibly valuable for shareholders and other employees to
hear. Of course, all the expenses associated with your travel to Copenhagen would
be covered by the company. Please let me know whether you will be available to
accept your award and speak about your recent initiatives.
Sincerely,
Noer Noor Darwish, Danuoh CEО MOREAD
Allegrino Travel Agency
165. What is indicated about Ms. Delgado's
work?
(A) It has increased public awareness of
her company.
(B) It involves evaluating contributions
made by employees.
(C) It includes collecting feedback from
consumer surveys.
(D) It was instrumental in launching a new
award.
166. What is Ms. Delgado asked to do?
(A) Share her travel arrangements
(B) Present an award to a colleague
(C) Consider becoming a shareholder
(D) Give a speech at a company meeting
167. The word "covered" in paragraph 2, line 7,
is closest in meaning to
(A) paid
(B) hidden
(C) insured
(D) guarded
Questions 168-171 refer to the following text-message chain.
Vincent Benedict (9:45 A.M.) Hello. I was given your
contact information by my neighbor, Ms. Ryan. You did some
work in her home yesterday. I was wondering if you would
be able to move a power outlet in my house.
Matt Clayton (9:55 A.M.) We can help with that. Where is
the outlet? By the way, I'm adding my business partner,
Denise Bosworth, to this message.
Vincent Benedict (9:57 A.M.) It's in my living room, near
the floor. I want to move it up. I am going to have a television
screen mounted on my wall, and it will look ugly if there are
cords hanging down to the outlet.
Matt Clayton (10:00 A.M.) OK. We can do this type of
work for you.
Vincent Benedict (10:02 A.M.) How much would something
like that cost?
Matt Clayton (10:03 A.M.) That will probably be between
one and two hours of labor. We charge $50 per hour.
Denise Bosworth (10:05 A.M.) However, we might find
pipes, insulation, or other wiring in the wall once we open it.
Vincent Benedict (10:08 A.M.) I understand. Thank you for
the information. Are you available to come out and see what
needs to be done?
Matt Clayton (10:12 A.M.) I will have someone from our
office get in touch with you by phone to schedule a visit.
168. Why did Mr. Benedict contact Mr. Clayton?
(A) To apply for a job
(B) To request a service
(C) To complain about a repair
(D) To welcome a new neighbor
169. What most likely is Mr. Clayton's job?
(A) Electrician
(B) Inspector
(C) Plumber
(D) Salesperson
170. At 10:08 A.M., what does Mr. Benedict most
likely mean when he writes, "I understand"?
(A) He will reschedule a visit.
(B) He will follow up with Ms. Bosworth.
(C) He knows that the final cost may vary
from the estimate.
(D) He knows what materials need to be
purchased.
171. What should Mr. Benedict expect next?
(A) Delivery of a television
(B) Removal of some wires
(C) A call from Mr. Clayton's office
(D) An invoice for completed work
Questions 172-175 refer to the following e-mail.
From: Sita J. Kumar
To: Homestead Natural Pharmaceuticals Staff
Subject: News
Date: October 10
— [1] -. Thank you all for the wonderful fifteen years I have spent with Homestead
Natural Pharmaceuticals. I am especially grateful for all the coworkers and mentors I have
worked with over the years. Moreover, for those who worked on the projects that I
directed, your commitment to developing safe, effective medicines has always been
appreciated. -[2]-
I will be returning to India to be near my extended family. [3]-. However, I am not
leaving the field. I will be taking a job with Aithal Research, where I will continue the
work of making natural pharmaceuticals. - [4]-
I wish you all the best. Keep up the great work!
Sincerely.
Sita Kumar
172. What is one purpose of the e-mail?
(A) To request a job transfer
(B) To describe some pharmaceutical
products
(C) To ask for help with a new project
(D) To announce a decision to colleagues
173. What most likely is Ms. Kumar's position at
Homestead Natural Pharmaceuticals?
174.
(A) Accountant
(B) Project manager
(C) Chief executive officer
(D) Administrative assistant
What is indicated about Ms. Kumar?
(A) She is retiring from work.
(B) She has started her own company.
(C) She is relocating to be closer to her
relatives.
(D) She completed an internship at Aithal
Research.
175. In which of the positions marked [1], [2]
and [4] does the following sentence bes
belong?
"I am proud that, together, we have ma
positive advances in our industry."
(A) [1]
(B) [2]
(C) [3]
(D) [4]
Questions 176-180 refer to the following review and e-mail.
In the Kitchen
Reviewed by Peter Gottlieb
Qi Chien understands how restaurants work. Her new book, In the Kitchen: How to
Thrive in the Restaurant Business, expertly advises restaurant managers on handling
challenges in the industry, from creating reasonable schedules for chefs to appeasing picky diners. Throughout the book, Chien offers concise, practical suggestions with
easy-to-understand concepts. Overall, the book offers a colorful snapshot of the
various tasks involved in the day-to-day operations of a restaurant.
Chien's book is unique among other industry guides in that she interviewed
restaurant owners, managers, and customers as part of her research. She even spoke
to journalists who write restaurant reviews to get a good sense of what they most prize
in a dining experience. My only criticism is that the book should have also included
the perspective of chefs, especially since their role is crucial to a restaurant's success.
This caveat aside, In the Kitchen is an insightful and instructive read.
To: editor@lakecountyherald.com
From:
Date:
Subject:
To the Editor:
qichien@rapidonline.com
August 5
In the Kitchen
I was delighted to read Peter Gottlieb's review of my latest book, In the Kitchen, in your
newspaper. I have appreciated his thoughtful comments about my works over the years,
even if they are sometimes negative. In this case, I was especially glad that he liked the
chapter about restaurant reviewers, since initially I had been reluctant to interview
journalists for the book. It is true that I could have included a greater variety of insights,
but unfortunately the people whose views he most wanted to hear were just too busy to
speak with me before the publishing deadline. Perhaps this is something I can address in
an updated edition of the book.
Qi Chien
176. What is the focus of Ms. Chien's book?
(A) How to properly train chefs
(B) How to develop recipes
(C) How to manage a restaurant
(D) How to write an engaging story
177. What does Mr. Gottlieb indicate about
Ms. Chien's writing?
(A) It is informative.
(B) It is outdated.
(C) It is imaginative.
(D) It is well organized.
178. In the review, the word "sense" in
paragraph 2, line 3, is closest in meaning to
(A) intelligence
(B) idea
(C) chance
(D) direction
179. What is suggested about Mr. Gottlieb in the
e-mail?
(A) He has worked at the same company
as Ms. Chien.
(B) He met Ms. Chien at a restaurant
industry conference.
(C) He was interviewed by Ms. Chien for
one of her books.
(D) He has reviewed other books written by
Ms. Chien.
180. What group of people was Ms. Chien
unable to speak to before her deadline?
(A) Chefs
(B) Diners
(C) Journalists
(D) Restaurant owners
Questions 181-185 refer to the following e-mail and text message.
To:
From:
Date:
Harriet Trimble <htrimble@decobusinessdesign.com>
Karl Vinton <karl.vinton@vintapparel.com>
May 26
Subject: Layout for Vint Apparel store
Attachment: Store layout
Hello, Harriet,
I am delighted you are available for this latest project; we were very pleased with your
previous work. Here are some general instructions to start.
On the back wall, hang the Vint Apparel neon sign high enough to be seen over other
furniture in the store. The sign has already shipped and should be delivered next Monday.
The rectangular light fixtures will also arrive on Monday. There should be four-two for
each of the side walls. The racks and shelving to display clothing are already there. Please
place the three circular racks in the center of the store and put the two shelving units
along the left side as you enter the store. Finally, place the cashier station to the right as
you enter the store.
I have attached a drawing of the layout that includes more detail.
Regards.
Karl Vinton, Owner
Harriet Trimble [8:05 A.M.]
I stopped by the Vint Apparel job site. We will have to put
everything in place by June 15 because the grand opening
is fast approaching. Mr. Vinton stressed that they need to
start stocking merchandise the week of June 20 to be
ready for the official event on July 1.
Jackson Ortega [8:06 A.M.]
We can do that.
Harriet Trimble [8:07 A.M.]
Also, there has been a change to the layout drawing. Now
we are to install a mannequin display where the two shelving units were and then move the shelving units to
the side walls. I will bring an updated copy for you when I
come over this afternoon.
181. What does Mr. Vinton suggest in the
e-mail?
(A) He has worked with Ms. Trimble before.
(B) A neon sign has already been delivered
to Vint Apparel's new location.
(C) He plans to inspect the store on
Monday.
(D) Vint Apparel's new location is in a
shopping center.
182. According to the e-mail, how many
rectangular light fixtures will be delivered?
(A) One
(B) Two
(C) Threе
(D) Four
183. Where will the mannequin display be
installed?
(A) Against the back wall
(B) In the center of the store
(C) To the left of the entrance
(D) To the right of the cashier station
184. What does Ms. Trimble suggest is the date
of the new Vint Apparel location's grand
opening?
(A) May 26
(B) June 15
(C) June 20
(D) July 1
185. What will Ms. Trimble do with the updated
layout drawing?
(A) She will hang it in her office.
(B) She will review it with Mr. Vinton.
(C) She will take it to Mr. Ortega.
(D) She will mail it to Vint Apparel.
Questions 186-190 refer to the following Web page and e-mails.
Foursquare Housing offers corporate housing with apartment units in the greater Miltonville
area. The apartments are fully furnished and include wireless Internet service. Floor plans
and photos of apartment interiors can be viewed online.
Center Tower
Located in downtown Miltonville, the ten-story building has shops on the ground level.
Center Tower is on the southwest corner of Beeman Square, features a rooftop garden, and
is close to public transportation.
Angora Plaza
Located near downtown Miltonville, the building has a self-service laundromat and a large
parking garage. It is also close to two subway stations.
Regent Apartments
Located approximately six miles outside of Miltonville, the building features an on-site
business center and is within walking distance ofpublic transportation.
Cityview Gardens
Cityview Gardens is a complex of four two-story buildings located in Dayton, about a
twenty-minute drive from downtown Miltonville. The property boasts a fitness center and a
swimming pool and is adjacent to a community park. A bus line operates a route through
the neighborhood.
From: gsteuber@ wardertechnology.com
To: info@foursquarehousing.com
Date: July 12
Subject: Inquiry
Foursquare Housing,
I work in the human resources office of Warder Technology's Miltonville division. We are
seeking an apartment that can be used by employees from outside the area who will work
at our headquarters temporarily.
We need an apartment for employees who will be in Miltonville for two months or more.
The apartment should have amenities like a gym and a pool.
Sincerely,
Gina Steuber
From:
To:
Date:
info@foursquarehousing.com
gsteuber@wardertechnology.com
July 12
Subject: Information you requested
Attachment:
Dear Ms. Steuber,
Pricing_ Leases.pdf
Thank you for your interest in Foursquare Housing. We have a two-bedroom apartment
that will be available on August 15 that should meet your requirements. I have attached a
price list for this unit and our other apartments as well. If you agree that this meets your
needs, I can send a contract.
I should point out that your corporate headquarters in Beeman Square is next to
apartments owned by Foursquare. One apartment here will also become available in
August. This would be very convenient if you have short-term visitors.
Sincerely,
Sam Flannery
Leasing Agent
186. What is true about all of the apartments
listed on the Web site?
(A) They are in downtown Miltonville.
(B) They are near public transportation.
(C) They have swimming pools.
(D) They are in high-rise buildings.
187. What apartment would best fit the
requirements mentioned by Ms. Steuber?
(A) Center Tower
(B) Angora Plaza
(C) Regent Apartments
(D) Cityview Gardens
188. According to Mr. Flannery, what will happen
in August?
(A) Two apartments will become available.
(B) Foursquare Housing will purchase a new
building.
(C) Warder Technology will reach the end
of its lease.
(D) An apartment building will be
renovated.
189. What does Mr. Flannery offer to send
Ms. Steuber?
(A) Amap of Miltonville
(B) Arental contract
(C) Photos of apartments
(D) Resident reviews of properties
190. What does Mr. Flannery suggest about
Warder Technology's corporate
headquarters?
(A) It is a twenty-minute drive from
Miltonville.
(B) It is next to the Center Tower building.
(C) It is on the same road as the Regent
Apartments.
(D) It has a large parking garage.
Questions 191-195 refer to the following e-mails and Web page.
To: Everlast Hospital Nursing Staff
From: Gretchen Robertson
Date: February 3
Subject: Deonardo pilot testing
Thank you for agreeing to work with the team at Cybernetic Robotics as they tested their
new robot, Deonardo, in our hospital. As you know, Deonardo was developed to allow
you, our nursing staff, more time to focus on patients. This is exciting work.
It has been a month, and Cybernetic Robotics would like to hear about your experiences
with Deonardo. Please use the following link to complete an online survey. The team
especially wants to know about your experiences with Deonardo during the state
reviewers' inspection on January 28. At the end of the survey, you may leave any additional comments you have about the robot.
www.cyberneticrobotics.com/survey/everlast/
Best regards,
Gretchen Robertson
Director, Everlast Hospital
https://www.cyberneticrobotics.com/survey/everlast/01282
Deonardo is easy to work with. I like that I don't have to tell Deonardo directly
what to do. When I update patient information in our system, Deonardo's tasks are
updated as well. I have been better able to concentrate on my patients because
know Deonardo takes care of little things that used to take up so much of my time.
Deonardo was particularly helpful during a recent state review because it delivered
patients' medications for all the nurses so that we didn't have to, and we were able
to focus on patient care. I believe Deonardo helped us receive positive comments
from the inspectors.
I do wish Deonardo could respond to voice commands. And occasionally, its
wheels squeak as it moves around. But patients like watching it work, and
everyone wants to take pictures with it. I wonder if you could get Deonardo to
stand still for pictures?
Lan Duy, BSN
To:
From:
Date:
Everlast Hospital Nursing Staff
Gretchen Robertson
February 13
Subject: Deonardo in-house pilot
Thank you all for your help with Deonardo, our nursing robot. I'm glad that our staff has
been able to take part in such groundbreaking work.
Those of you who work directly with Deonardo can expect it to behave a bit differently in
the coming week. It will be programmed to perform some new tasks. Previously, it waited
at the nurse's station between tasks. Now, it will spend some of this time interacting with
patients who may want to pose for pictures with it. When Deonardo is in this socializing
mode, the eyes on its LED face will be heart-shaped instead of the round eyes that
indicate that it is in work mode.
Finally, the hospital will be purchasing two additional robots in the next few months to
work in other areas of the hospital. I appreciate your willingness to work with this new
technology. We look forward to learning how robots can further improve employee and
patient experiences.
Sincerely,
Gretchen Robertson
Director, Everlast Hospital
191. What is the purpose of the first e-mail?
(A) To describe an upcoming inspection
(B) To invite nurses to give feedback
(C) To announce an employment
opportunity
(D) To request suggestions for naming a
robot
192. What task did Deonardo perform on
January 28?
(A) It analyzed patients' health data.
(B) It made copies of patients' records.
(C) It brought medications to patients.
(D) It played music to entertain patients.
193. In the second e-mail, what does
Ms. Robertson indicate about Deonardo?
(A) It has a display that looks like a face.
(B) It works closely with doctors.
(C) It will begin serving patients their
meals.
(D) It has a special charging base.
194. What suggestion from Ms. Duy did the
robotics company most likely apply?
(A) The robot will now play games with
patients.
(B) The robot will get quieter wheels.
(C) The robot will respond to voice
commands.
(D) The robot will now be available for
photographs with patients.
195. What does the hospital plan to do in the
near future?
(A) Replace the robot
(B) Buy more robots
(C) Advertise its robot
(D) Repair the robot
Questions 196-200 refer to the following e-mail, advertisement, and online form.
*E-mail*
To: management_team@pfi.co.uk
From: schakravarty@pfi.co.uk
R&D Director Search Subject:
Date: 24 July
Attachment: Files.txt
Dear Management Team Members,
On behalf of the hiring committee, I am pleased to report that the search for a new
research and development director is nearing completion.
Given the key selection criteria the suitable candidate must meet-a demonstrated ability
to improve product offerings, a keen awareness of consumers' tastes, and in-depth
knowledge of nutritional science-we have narrowed the applicant pool to Alex Mooring
and Inez Fuentes. While either makes for an excellent choice, 1 believe that Ms. Fuentes
is better suited to the role. Though somewhat less experienced than Mr. Mooring, she
has innovative ideas that are in line with our company's needs.
Attached are the résumés and references of the two candidates. The dates, times, and
location of their final interviews will be forthcoming in another e-mail when that
information is finalized. We look forward to your participation in these meetings as well
as your final hiring decision.
Sincae D
Supriya Chakravarty, Chair, Hiring Committee
Primidian Food Industries
Upcoming Events at Primidian Food Industries
On 7 October at 10 A.M., Ms. Inez Fuentes, director of research and development at
Primidian Food Industries (PFI), will facilitate a workshop titled Food Innovation for
the Future. Among other things, she will explain why PFI recently reformulated its
pasta products and demonstrate how they can be prepared in novel, tasty ways.
Ms. Fuentes is a certified nutritionist with a degree in food science from Mexico
City's Academy of Science and Technology. Upon graduation, she accepted a
two-year internship at Italy's prestigious Rome Institute of Culinary Arts. Before
joining PFI's executive team, she served for five years as lead product development
manager at Zesty Meals, based in Montreal, Canada.
Register for this free event at www.pfi.co.uk/events/register, specifying whether you
will attend online or in person at our corporate headquarters in Birmingham.
https://www.pfi.co.uk/contact-us
Who We Are Our Brands News and Events Contact Us
Please complete the form below so someone from our team can contact you.
Name: Chaim Auerbach
E-mail: chaim_auerbach@equisend.net.uk
Your Message:
I thoroughly enjoyed the Food Innovation for the Future workshop led by Ms. Fuentes on
28 October. I almost missed it, though. Apparently, when details about the workshop were
updated, including that it would be an online-only event, my registration-and, I learned,
that of some other participants-was not transferred over. Luckily, a staffer charged with
online registration was able to quickly reregister me. PFI may want to analyse its electronic
registration system and make improvements where necessary so that this problem does not
reoccur.
196. Why did Ms. Chakravarty write the e-mail?
(A) To describe her work experience
(B) To propose a new line of products
(C) To provide information about some job
applicants
(D) To offer feedback on a pending
research project
197. According to the e-mail, what will
Ms. Chakravarty send to committee
members in the near future?
(A) An interview schedule
(B) A list of desired leadership skills
(C) An analysis of a consumer survey
(D) A collection of tips for revising résumés
198. What can be concluded about the
management team?
(A) It agreed with Ms. Chakravarty's
recommendation.
(B) It recently added more members.
(C) It updated the key selection criteria for
a job in July.
(D) It contacted Mr. Mooring for references.
199. Based on the advertisement, where most
likely does Ms. Fuentes currently live?
(A) In Rome
(B) In Montreal
(C) In Mexico City
(D) In Birmingham
200. What is suggested about the workshop?
(A) It was mainly an in-person event.
(B) It was held later than originally
scheduled.
(C) It cost more than was budgeted.
(D) It had more participants than expected.
