PART 6
Directions: Read the texts that follow. A word, phrase, or sentence is missing in parts of each text.
Four answer choices for each question are given below the text. Select the best answer to complete
the text. Then mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
Questions 131-134 refer to the following Web page.
Slipcovers
Glen and Meadows Home Goods now sells a variety of practical covers -131.: your chairs and
sofas. Our slipcovers are available in a wide selection of sizes and colors. We have many
options for your most heavily used There are many beautiful stain-resistant fabrics to 132.
choose from. If the use of synthetic materials is a concern, you can select from our 133.
Naturals Collection. Whatever your interior design plans, you can- change the look of any 134.
room with Glen and Meadows slipcovers.
131. (A) protect
(B) to protect
(C) are protecting (D) protected
132. (A) furniture
(B) systems
(C) appliances
(D) routes
134. (A) quicken
(B) quickly
(C) quicker
(D) quick
133. (A) They do not hold up well with
frequent use.
(B) They are no longer available on our
online store.
(C) And we are adding more options
every week.
(D) We find them fun and easy to wear.
Questions 135-138 refer to the following e-mail.
To: All Staff <staff@kelseytech.co.uk>
From: Kosei Masutani <kmasutani@kelseytech.co.uk>
Subject: Information
Date: 26 January
Some of you may have felt a bit--while sitting at your desk this morning. That's because 135.
one of the heating units in our building is broken. Unfortunately, the repair crew cannot come to
fix the problem until Thursday. The open office space on the lower level is the most affected
area, with only some heat. Our interns are----- Ta there, so they will be assigned temporary office 136.
spaces on other floors.-7, upon arrival tomorrow morning, interns will need to check in with 137.
Ms. Connor to receive their alternative work-space assignments. In the meantime, be 138.
assured we will ensure everyone's safety and resolve this quickly.
Kosei Masutani, Facilities Manager
135. (A) uncomfortable
(B) lonely
(C) prompt
(D) overwhelmed
136. (A) a location
(B) to locate
(C) locating
(D) located
137. (A) However
(B) Likewise
(C) Consequently
(D) Otherwise
138. (A) The interns willEMMORE not arrive here until
June.
(B) I apologize for the inconvenience.
(C) We will soon be renovating the open
office space.
(D) Heater maintenance is sometimes
costly.
Questions 139-142 refer to the following brochure.
Southerby Designs
Southerby Designs is the leading firm in designing retail spaces and product displays in the
greater Chennington area. For nearly three decades, Southerby Designs has collaborated with
countless stores, beautiful designs for their retail spaces. We have worked with 139. 140.
several museums and event production companies to create captivating, streamlined, and inviting
visitor experiences. --- designing retail displays to completing projects for leading cultural 141.
institutions, Southerby Designs can partner with your organization to develop the perfect design
solution to fit your needs. . We are confident that we can develop a solution to help you! 142.
139. (A) produced
(B) have produced
(C) was producing
(D) producing
140. (A) even
(B) instead
(C) therefore
142. (A) We worked with a large portfolio of
MEMM
(D) nevertheless
141. (A) By
(B) Over
(C) After
(D) From
designers and artists at that time.
(B) Contact us today and let us know what
design challenges you are facing.
(C) In fact, we raised our rates for the first
time last year.
(D) In contrast, our business has grown
substantially over the past ten years.
Questions 143-146 refer to the following Web page.
Central Train Service makes it-than ever to give the gift of travel. Our gift cards are the 143.
perfect way to give someone special an unforgettable journey. Traveling by train can provide
passengers with a worry-free experience.. Enjoy visiting amazing cities and beautiful 144.
national parks.
Central Train Service gift cards never45 They can be redeemed online or at any major train 145.
station. Cards can be purchased in amounts up to $500. There are no additional The full 146.
value of the gift card can be applied to any ticket purchase.
143. (A) easily
(B) easier
(C) easy
(D) ease
144. (A) The tourists often visit Paris and London.
(B) There are several ways to change your
seat selection.
(C) Travelers are free to relax and enjoy the
adventure.
(D) Passengers must travel with personal
identification.
145. (A) expire
(B) expiring
(C) expired
(D) expiration
146. (A) comments
(B) instructions
(C) dates
(D) fees
