PART 6
Directions: Read the texts that follow. A word, phrase, or sentence is missing in parts of each text.
Four answer choices for each question are given below the text. Select the best answer to complete
the text. Then mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
Questions 131-134 refer to the following advertisement.
Garden Shade Tree Landscaping
Garden Shade creates tree landscapes and hedges to suit every garden, no matter the size. Our
designs have - small urban gardens as well as large-scale projects commissioned by 131.
architects and property developers. 75. However, no single nursery can offer trees of all 132.
species and sizes. That is why Garden Shade has developed close relationships with many
specialist growerstoto provide us with the trees we need. Such resources give us the variety 133.
necessary to complete any In other words, whatever your landscape design dream, we 134. can
make it happen.
131. (A) transformed
(B) related
(C) collected
(D) planted
132. (A) We are here to answer your
landscaping questions.
(B) For most projects, we use trees from
our own nurseries.
(C) Some trees have specific growing
requirements.
(D) Under normal conditions, nursery stock
is guaranteed for one year.
133. (A) readiness
(B) readies
(C) readiest
(D) ready
134. (A) study
(B) form
(C) order
(D) survey
Questions 135-138 refer to the following e-mail.
To: Staff
From: Amy Henwith
Date: 15 January
Subject: Exciting newsS
Dear Staff,
Thanks for a great year! In case you haven't heard, Henwith Home Supply will be--- our second 135.
store this spring. This additional retail site will be located in the shopping centre at the corner of
Aberton Parkway and Sutton Avenue in Derbyshire.
We will be accepting applications for cashiers and sales positions1 April. The personnel 136.
director will review applicants' qualifications from 2 April to 6 April, and-- is scheduled to 137.
begin one week later. 138.
Amy Henwith, CEO
Henwith Home Supply
135. (A) moving
(B) renovating
(C) expanding
(D) opening
136. (A) until
(B) following
(C) according to
(D) for
137. (A) trainer
(B) training
(C) train
(D) trained
138. (A) Feel free to share this news with any
interested friends.
(B) Make sure you have received all of the
material.
(C) Contact Henwith Home Supply if you are
still waiting for a response.
(D) Access to the main entrance will be
blocked by construction.
Questions 139-142 refer to the following article.
Amon Donates to Music School in Grenel City
A spokesperson for Brenda Amon---- that the pianist made a sizeable donation toward the 139.
expansion of the Grenel City Conservatory of Music. "Without her generous support," said
Marc Diaz, director of facility planning, "we would have been limited in our renovation plans going
forward."
Now, a new wing will be constructed on the south end of the- conservatory. Once 140. 141.
completed, the building will boast a 700-seat auditorium, state-of-the-art recording studios, and
new faculty and administrative offices. Additionally, private practice rooms will be located
the current student lounge. 142.
139. (A) confirm
140.
(B) confirmation
(C) has confirmed
(D) will confirm
EMM
(A) Ms. Amon's performance at the
conservatory was outstanding.
(B) The project had been delayed
because of budget cuts.
(C) Student enrollment has decreased
over the past few years.
(D) The original conservatory is being
converted into student housing.
(A) temporary
(B) existing
(D)
(C)

proposed
corrected
142. (A) adjacent to
(B) even though
(C) instead of
(D) as well as
Questions 143-146 refer to the following e-mail.
Date: 11 January
To: Mitchell Parker <mparker@allmail.co.za>
From: Inez Lofaro <ilofaro@daqtex.co.za>
Subject: Product recall
Dear Mr. Parker,
Thank you for your recent- of the Daqtex Mini-V camera. We are contacting everyone who 143.
has recently bought this product to inform them that certain models are being recalled for repair.
In these models, the electronic chip that enables the digital conversion of light is faulty.
Please---- whether your camera has this problem by checking the serial number on the 144. 145.
bottom of the camera. If it ends with the letters TVX, a repair will be required. Daqtex will pay all
shipping costs for sending your Mini-V back to us. In addition, we will repair---- free of charge. 146.
To MEAMOREAD
Inez Lofaro, Customer Service Manager
Daqtex Industries
143. (A) purchase
(B) review
(C) gift
(D) demonstration
144. (A) We hope you will enjoy the product for
many years to come.
(B) It is covered in the troubleshooting
section of the manual.
(C) This defect will eventually interfere with
the clarity of your images.
(D) This special feature is unavailable on
some older models.
145. (A) verification
(B) verified
(C) verify
(D) verifies
146. (A) mine
(B) it
(C) theirs
(D) these
