PART 7
Directions: In this part you will read a selection of texts, such as magazine and newspaper articles,
e-mails, and instant messages. Each text or set of texts is followed by several questions. Select the
best answer for each question and mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
Questions 147-148 refer to the following notice.
Fastest Fleet
RATE OUR SERVICES AND WIN FREE TRAVEL!
Visit our Web site at www.fastestfleet.com/feedback and fill out the
5-minute questionnaire. You could win one of 10 FREE round-trip bus
trips to any destination within the continental United States!
You must be 18 or older to participate. Only customers who have
previously traveled with Fastest Fleet are eligible to enter.
147. Where would the notice likely be seen?
(A) In an airport
(B) In a bus station
(C) In a train station
(D) In a ferry terminal
148. What are customers asked to do?
(A) Provide feedback
(B) Buy a round-trip ticket
(C) Take advantage of a discount
(D) Join a customer loyalty program
Questions 149-150 refer to the following online chat discussion.
Daniel Mather (9:38 A.M.)
Hi Sue, are you working at home today?
Susan Maldini (9:39 A.M.)
No, but I'm at an off-site meeting. What's up?
-X
스
Daniel Mather (9:41 A.M.)
The manager asked me to make hard copies of some contract agreements
for our records. I forgot my printer card at home. Could I borrow yours?
Susan Maldini (9:42 A.M.)
Sure thing. It's in the business card holder on my desk.
Daniel Mather (9:55 А.М.)
Okay, done. Thank you! I put it back on your desk.
EMMORE
149. What task was Mr. Mather given?
(A) To send out contracts
(B) To repair the photocopier
(C) To monitor employee attendance
(D) To make copies of some documents
...
150. At 9:42 A.M., what does Ms. Maldini most
likely mean when she writes "Sure thing"?
(A) She can lend Mr. Mather her card.
(B) She will return to the office.
(C) She will contact the manager.
(D) She can copy the agreements.
Questions 151-152 refer to the following memo.
MEMO
To: Westhauser Laboratories Staff
From: Area manager
Date: March 22
Re: Break-time beverages
Beginning immediately, staff members are asked to contribute toward the
cost of hot beverages available in our kitchenette. For each cup of coffee or
tea you pour for yourself, we are requesting that you leave fifty cents.
Please note that this amount is still far less than what you would pay at
the café next to our building.
Each time you prepare a beverage, just place your payment in the marked
can on the counter next to the sink. As in the past, a variety of
high-quality tea and coffee supplies will be made available, and products
will be restocked monthly. Your understanding is appreciated so that
everyone can continue to enjoy conveniently located hot beverages
throughout the workday.
151. What is the purpose of the memo?
(A) To explain a new policy
(B) To discourage long breaks
(C) To provide a budget update
(D) To address staff complaints
152. What are staff members asked to do?
(A) Bring their own beverages to work
(B) Leave payments in a container
(C) Submit requests for supplies
(D) Keep the kitchenette tidy
Questions 153-155 refer to the following notice.
Attention Milwaukee Modern Art Museum Visitors
The Meacham Room is closed temporarily as we prepare the space for the
Modern Artist Showcase, which will run from April 1 to June 30.
We encourage you to return to experience this much-anticipated exhibit
that will feature paintings, sculpture, and multimedia works by
acclaimed international artists such as Sally Acosta, Frank Kember,
Kimberly Hong, and Matilda Breeland. Of note is newcomer Theodore
Carmody's sculpture collection that was dubbed "most exciting debut
of the decade" by Ethan Lerner, renowned and respected critic of the
Ireland Arts Chronicle. More information about the featured artists
and the exhibit can be found at www.milwaukeemodernart.org. Or
download our museum app to keep current with all upcoming events.
153. What is indicated about the museum?
(A) It is promoting an upcoming exhibit on
its Web site.
(B) It is known for its sculpture exhibits.
(C) It will be closed for renovations in April.
(D) Its upcoming exhibit is free for museum
members.
154. Who is Ms. Breeland?
(A) A journalist
(B) An artist
(C) A museum curator
(D) An art critic
155. Who was praised by Mr. Lerner?
(A) Ms. Acosta
(B) Mr. Kember
(C) Ms. Hong
(D) Mr. Carmody
Questions 156-157 refer to the following form.
General Contractor:
Change of Work Order
Howard Kleiber, Mercrest Construction
106 Pickens Way, Columbus, OH 43211
Property Owner: Oscar Copeland, 866 Andell Road, Columbus, OH 43215
Project Start Date: July 10
Project End Date: July 15
The contractor is hereby instructed to make the following changes to the contract
documents:
Description of Work Added/Deleted:
Client will now be supplying the countertops and faucet in addition to the
kitchen cabinets. Therefore, the total project cost will be adjusted to
only include the cost of installation.
Original Contract Price: $3,496
Net Reduction from Previous Contract: -$2,412
Total Project Cost with Approved Changes: $1,084
Revised Payment Schedule:
15% of total project cost ($162) is due upfront to secure contractor, $222 is due on project start date, and the remainder ($700) is due upon
project completion.
Accepted by:
Contractor: Howard Kleiber
Property Owner: Oscar Copeland
156. Why has the price of a project been
adjusted?
(A) The client is providing all the materials.
(B) The client wants to match a
competitor's price.
(C) The contractor installed countertops
incorrectly.
(D) The contractor overestimated the cost
of labor.
157. How much money will Mr. Copeland most
likely give Mr. Kleiber on July 15?
(A) $162
(B) $222
(C) $700
(D) $1,084
Questions 158-160 refer to the following e-mail.
To:
From:
Dahlia Pawar <dpawar@bronsonco.ca>
Anna Bondell <abondell@noaaa.com>
Subject: Information
Date: August 25
Dear Ms. Pawar:
Thank you for your continued membership in the North American Architects Association.
I'm writing to remind you that preregistration for the annual conference closes on
September 15. - [1] -. This year's conference features more than 100 sessions, an
exhibit hall, and special workshops. — [2] -
Preregistration will save you $30 off the regular registration fee. - [3] -. At the same
time, you'll be able to sign up in advance for a group tour of the city and for the VIP
Banquet, which always fills up quickly. Visit our Web site to register online. - [4]-. If
you prefer to register by telephone, contact us at 1-249-555-0177. Please have your
membership number available.
Looking forward to seeing you in Mexico City!
Sincerely,
Anna Bondell
Membership Coordinator
158. What most likely is Ms. Pawar's occupation?
(A) Architect
(B) Writer
(C) Travel agent
(D) Conference organizer
160. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?
159. What is NOT a benefit of conference
preregistration?
(A) A tour of Mexico City
(B) A hotel room upgrade
(C) Admission to a dinner
(D) Reduced registration fees
"You will also find the complete conference
program there."
(A) [1]
(B) [2]
(C) [3]
(D) [4]
Questions 161-164 refer to the following online chat discussion.
File Meet Now Tools Help X
Kurt Webber (4:30 P.М.)
Jake and I are grabbing a bite to eat after work, around 5:30. Anyone care to join us?
Davi Avril (4:31 P.M.)
Maybe. I still have some work to do on the midyear report. Where are you planning to go?
Kurt Webber (4:32 P.М.)
We're thinking of trying the new Mexican place on Slate Road. It's called Ocho Coronas.
Tim Foxx (4:33 P.M.)
You're out of luck. That place closed a few days ago.
Kurt Webber (4:34 P.M.)
That's too bad. I heard great things about it.
Tim Foxx (4:36 P.М.)
How about Lotus Tacos around the corner? They always have a special menu on Fridays.
Kurt Webber (4:37 P.M.)
That would be great. Do you want to go to Lotus Tacos, Jake?
Davi Avril (4:38 P.М.)
OK, but I won't be able to get there till about six.
Jake Rivas (4:39 P.M.)
Sounds good to me. And Davi, I just sent you the updated figures for the report.
161. What are the writers discussing? E
(A) Where to hold a company banquet
(B) What restaurant serves the best food
(C) What is on the menu at Ocho Coronas
(D) Where to go for dinner
162. What information does Mr. Foxx provide
about Ocho Coronas?
(A) People have recommended it to him.
(B) It usually opens early on Fridays.
(C) The food there is not very authentic.
(D) It is no longer in business.
163. At 4:34 P.M., why most likely does
Mr. Webber write, "That's too bad"?
(A) He wanted to try a new restaurant.
(B) Mr. Foxx cannot complete a project.
(C) Slate Road is too far away.
(D) He has a scheduling conflict.
164. What does Mr. Avril decide to do?
(A) Research nearby restaurants
(B) Work extra hours tomorrow
(C) Join his coworkers for a meal
(D) Have food delivered to the office
Questions 165-167 refer to the following letter.
Multinational Voice Magazine
PO Box 17999
Greenlane
Auckland 1546
Tuata Wehi
16 Page Street
Wellington 6023
Dear Mr. Wehi,
On 25 March, your three-month trial subscription to Multinational Voice Magazine
will expire. To continue to receive this vital news resource, please fill out the
postage-paid renewal card included with this letter and mail it in before the end of
this month. You may select from a three-month, six-month, one-year, or two-year
subscription. Do note that our two-year offer is by far the most economical. Also,
the one- and two-year options include the "Notable People of the Year" special
edition.
Thank you once again for choosing Multinational Voice Magazine. We continually
strive to provide the best commentary on global affairs from a New Zealand
perspective. To provide your feedback, please visit www.mvmagazine.co.nz and fill
out our online comment form.
Sincerely,
Estelle Pearson, Customer ServiceEBSITE Representative
165. Why was the letter sent to Mr. Wehi?
(A) To report a late payment
(B) To offer him a refund
(C) To promote a new service
(D) To remind him to resubscribe
166. For about how long has Mr. Wehi been
receiving Multinational Voice Magazine?
(A) For three months
(B) For six months
(C) For one year
(D) For two years
167. What is one thing that Mr. Wehi is
encouraged to do?
(A) Call Ms. Pearson directly
(B) Offer his opinion
(C) Attend an event
(D) Confirm his address
Questions 168-171 refer to the following e-mail.
*E-mail*
From: info@morganairportshuttle.com
To: tgrant@tivimail.com
Subject: re: Suitcase on board
Date: January 19
Dear Mr. Grant,
Thanks for your inquiry. There are a number of suitcases in our storeroom that match
the description you provided, but we have not found one bearing a name tag identifying
you as the owner. You will need to come over and find yours on-site at 620 Baker St.
Please note that you will be asked to indicate what time your bus left the airport
terminal or, better yet, to present your ticket if you still have it.
We are open 6 A.M.-10 P.M. every day. Please do not delay. Due to the large number of
items found by our drivers, we have no choice but to limit storage time to 7 days only,
after which we dispose of the item.
Regards,
Gina Steiner
Morgan Airport Shuttle MMORE
168. Where does Ms. Steiner work?
(A) At a transportation service
(B) At an insurance company
(C) At a car rental company
(D) At a travel agency
169. What did Mr. Grant most likely inquire
about?
(A) Reservation options
(B) Luggage limitations
(C) Travel expenses
(D) Lost property
170. What information will Mr. Grant be asked to
provide?
(A) His address
(B) His phone number
(C) His departure time
(D) His final destination
171. What is Mr. Grant advised to do?
(A) Take advantage of a discount
(B) Compare payment options
(C) Visit the office as soon as possible
(D) Print out an electronic ticket
Questions 172-175 refer to the following article.
Spectacular Bridge Created with
Super Cranes
By Marcia Brunon
March 14
Five years ago, the town of Stonewell,
situated at the foot of the Marshall
Mountains, decided to finance the building
of a bridge across the Stonewell River. It was
planned as a much-needed northern route for
the town. —[1] —. The efficiency of the
project was directly attributable to two
RWC451 cranes, manufactured by
Ronsonworks, a company based in England.
The two identical tower cranes were
owned by the construction firm Redding
Builders. One crane was assembled at the
south bank of the river, while the other one
was placed on a concrete pylon in the center
of the Stonewell River. - [2]-. The
assembly of the second crane was
particularly challenging, as it required the
use of another crane on a floating barge.
"Any large project is going to require
unforeseen adjustments that may disrupt an
official construction schedule," said Roger
Lee, chief engineer of Redding Builders.
-[3] -. In this case, the metal anchors that
connected the bridge to the pylons were
determined to be too small. The new anchors
weighed 22 tons, which is within the safe
lifting capacity of an RWC451 crane.
[4] -. Engineers reinforced the existing
cranes for extra security, and the cranes
performed well.
Today, this postcard-worthy bridge is the
pride of Stonewell, featuring viewing
platforms for pedestrians, hikers, and
visitors at the base of each pier overlooking
the mountainous valley. Construction
materials and colors harmonize beautifully
with the local environment. All design
elements, including the piers, viewing
platforms, and railings, complement the
natural landscape, making the bridge a hit
with everyone from hikers to the truck
drivers who now include it in their regular
route.
.
172. What is mentioned about the cranes?
(A) They are owned by Ronsonworks.
174. What is NOT suggested about the
Stonewell Bridge?
(B) They were designed specifically for the
Stonewell Bridge project.
(A) It provides a northward exit out of town.
(C) They were assembled on the Stonewell
Bridge construction site.
(B) It was designed for both pedestrians
and vehicles.
(D) They weigh more than 22 tons.
(C) It was designed to blend with the
natural setting.
173. What is indicated by Mr. Lee?
construction.
(B) He believes that projects like the
Stonewell Bridge always present
problems.
(C) He delayed the Stonewell Bridge
project for budgetary reasons.
(D) His first project as a chief engineer was
the Stonewell Bridge.
(D) It required more workers than first
estimated.
175. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?
"The project, which was expected to take
four years, was completed in less than
three."
(A) [1]
(B) [2]
(C) [3]
(D) [4]
WEBSITЕ
Questions 176-180 refer to the following memo and schedule.
To: Absalom and Twigg Law Firm employees
Shawna Montgomery, Office Manager From:
Subject: March plans
Sent: February 12
Attachment: Schedule
As most of you are aware, our schedule will be a bit challenging during
the first week in March. Various rooms and offices will need to be vacated
for certain periods to allow work crews to repaint, recarpet, and replace
old furniture. Affected employees will need to box up all their office items
by 3 P.M. on the day before their room is scheduled for work (please see
the attached schedule). Two teams of workers will be on-site, so more than
one room at a time will need to be vacated. Note that any rooms due for
work on Monday must be packed up and vacated by Friday afternoon,
February 27.
Boxes will be provided. Leave your boxes in the rooms for the work crews
to remove. Please label them with your name and office number so that
the crews can return them to the correct offices once the work is complete.
Please make arrangements to continue working on your assignments while
the work crews are in your rooms. The conference room (Room 409) will
remain available to be used as a workspace during the entire week.
Another possible option is to request permission from your supervisor to
telecommute for one or two days.
Please have patience with these temporary inconveniences and do not
hesitate to contact me with any questions or concerns.
MONDAY, March 2
TUESDAY, March 3
WORK SCHEDULE-March 2 to March 6
WEDNESDAY, March 4
THURSDAY, March 5
FRIDAY, March 6
Room 401
(Meeting room)
Room 402
(Marlene Asbury &
Luke Roe)
Room 407
(Jung Li)
Room 403
(Allie Stevens & Matt Beale)
Room 408
(Meeting room)
Room 404
(Elliot Hagburg & Ana Keller)
176. Why was the memo sent to employees?
(A) To alert them to upcoming renovations
(B) To announce that the firm will be
relocating
(C) To request feedback about new
workplace facilities
(D) To address their complaints about
building maintenance
177. What are employees instructed to do?
(A) Report for work early
(B) Schedule a meeting with a manager
(C) Indicate which office supplies are theirs
(D) Update their contact information online
178. What is stated about Room 409?
(A) It will be available for videoconferencing.
(B) Employees may gather there for work.
(C) A scheduling meeting will be held there.
(D) Its furniture will be removed temporarily.
179. When should Ms. Asbury be ready to
vacate her office?
(A) On February 12
(B) On February 27
(C) On March 3
(D) On March 4
180. What is suggested about Mr. Hagburg?
(A) He shares an office with a colleague.
(B) He will work off-site on March 5.
(C) He is the head of a department.
(D) He requested the use of a conference
room.
Questions 181-185 refer to the following flyer and form.
Jivrou Farm
Fresh Organic Produce-From Our Farm to Your Home
Livrou Farm in Bromont, Quebec, invites you to participate in its community-supported agriculture
program. Members enjoy fresh farm produce during our growing season from June to November.
Sign up for a farm share and receive these benefits:
• More than 30 varieties of in-season vegetables, fruits, and herbs, harvested by our farm staff and
prepared for you to pick up at our barn
• A selection of pick-your-own strawberries, apples, and other fruits
Access to our member Web site with recipes, farm updates, and a farm newsletter
Discounts on events at the farm, such as the annual summer music festival. Events typically cost
$15, but members pay $10.
Members pick up their shares once a week at the farm. A full-size share is $700 per season, and a
half-size share is $350. Half-size shareholders receive half the amount of produce each week. All
other benefits remain the same.
Our farm produce is grown without the use of pesticides or herbicides, and we use only naturally
occurring fertilizers. For more information or to register for a membership, please see our Web site
at www.livroufarm.ca.
http://www.livroufarm.ca
Livrou Farm
Membership Home Locations Reviews
Name: Julien Bernard
Address: 78 Dorion Street, Bromont, QC J2L 2K7
First choice pick-up day: Thursday X Friday Saturday Sunday
Second choice pick-up day: Thursday Friday X Saturday Sunday
Size of share: Full Π HalfX
NOTE: Pick-up is between 3 P.M. and 6 P.M.
Please provide the names of other individuals in your household. These are the only other
individuals who will be permitted to pick up your weekly share.
Names: Margaux Bernard, Laurent Bernard
Click HERE to enter payment information on the next page.
181. What is the purpose of the flyer?
(A) To invite people to a farm festival
(B) To promote community service
opportunities
(C) To share recipes for healthy eating
(D) To advertise a farm program
182. What is suggested about the workers at
Livrou Farm?
(A) They collect farm produce from June to
November.
(B) They update the farm's Web site once a
week.
(C) They create meals using the farm's
products.
(D) They sell farm products at several local
markets.
183. What is NOT indicated about Livrou Farm?
(A) It publishes a newsletter.
(B) It uses natural fertilizers.
(C) It hosts musical performances.
184. What is true about Mr. Bernard's
membership?
(A) He must pick up his produce on
Sundays.
(B) He is the only person allowed to pick up
his farm share.
(C) He willbe allowed to pick some of his
own fruit.
(D) He will be able to plant and grow his
own vegetables.
185. How much should Mr. Bernard pay for the
membership?
(A) $10
(B) $15
(C) $350
(D) $700
(D) It offers cooking classes.
Questions 186-190 refer to the following advertisements and e-mail.
http://www.communitylinkforum.org/burlingtonvermont
Professional Seeking Apartment in Burlington
Jorge Janssen <jjanssen@blitzer.com>
Topic: Real Estate and Housing Date: June 23
I accepted a new position in Burlington and need to relocate near the downtown area
before my start date on August 15. I'm seeking a simple, clean, one-bedroom rental or
larger, depending on price. A relaxing location with outdoor seating for entertaining
friends or family would be a plus. I do have a car, but I'd appreciate having good access
to public transportation. I have a budget of around $1,400 monthly to cover all housing
costs, including utilities.
http://www.communitylinkforum.org/burlingtonvermont
Apartment for Rent in Burlington
Eloise McMahon <mcmahonrental@hmail.com>
Topic: Real Estate and Housing
Date: June 23
스
READ
Be the first to rent this two-bedroom apartment upon completion of extensive
renovations. This property is anticipated to be move-in ready on August 1. It will
feature a clean modern look, new floors throughout, and all-new appliances. The
apartment is situated downtown, and students are welcome as it's less than ten minutes
by bus to Denton University. On-street parking is available with a decal from the City
Transportation Office. Cats or small dogs are potentially permitted, but with conditions,
so please inquire. $1,400 rent also pays for water, sewer, garbage pickups, and general
upkeep of the property. Electricity and natural gas will be the responsibility of the
tenant. A one-time security deposit equal to one month's rent should be paid upon
signing the rental agreement.
Eloise McMahon <mcmahonrental@hmail.com>
Jorge Janssen <jjanssen@blitzer.com>
To:
From:
Re: Apartment
Date: June 24
Dear Ms. McMahon,
I noticed your rental listing on communitylinkforum.org. From the description it sounds as
if it may be just what I've been looking for. I'm eager to look over the apartment, and I
just happen to be in Burlington all this week. My last day in town will be Sunday,
June 30. If the place suits me, I'd want to move in the same day that it's expected to be
available. The timing would be perfect! I hope to hear from you soon.
Thank you.
Jorge Janssen
(802) 555-0122
186. Why is Mr. Janssen relocating?
(A) To begin a new job
(B) To return to his hometown
(C) To study part-time
(D) To start his retirement
187. What aspect of the property does NOT
match Mr. Janssen's preferences?
(A) The location
(B) The monthly costs
(C) The parking availability
(D) The size WEE
188. For what situation does Ms. McMahon
mention that she will need additional
information?
(A) When changes to the decor are
preferred
(B) When a tenant is ready to pay a
security deposit
(C) When repairs to the apartment are
needed
(D) When someone wants to keep an
indoor pet
189. Why does Mr. Janssen send the e-mail?
(A) To agree to the terms of a rental
contract
(B) To change the details of a residential
advertisement
(C) To ask about a feature of an apartment
(D) To make arrangements to view a
property
190. When does Mr. Janssen wish to start living
in the residence?
(A) On June 24
(B) On June 30
(C) On August 1
(D) On August 15
Questions 191-195 refer to the following product description, customer review, and online response.
Kitchenware Utopia Food Processor-Model C3
You will never need to buy another food processor! Our best-selling model,
the C3, is made of high-quality plastic and easy-to-clean stainless steel.
FEATURES The unique blade design and powerful motor
make this a professional-grade appliance, ideal for busy
restaurants of any size.
WARRANTY We include a seven-year warranty on all parts
and labor-a reassurance to you that our food processor
will last a long time.
Special purchase price: $319.00/KU Club Members: $299.00
www.kitchenwareutopia.com/C3/reviews/454
Rating:★★★★★
Review: This product is amazing! I work as a caterer, and I've used a lot of
different food processors. Kitchenware Utopia's C3 is by far the best I've found.
Its motor is very powerful, and the many different blades and settings make it
extremely versatile. The settings are also straightforward. It's expensive but well
worth the investment, and since I'm a loyalty club member, the price was
reasonable. My only complaint would be that it's very heavy and therefore not
as portable as l'd hoped. Overall, though, I'm exceptionally satisfied with this
product.
Posted by Eli Perles on March 27
We are very glad to hear you are happy with our C3 food processor. Customer satisfaction
is our number one priority. We would like to respond to your complaint and provide a
suggestion regarding your concerns. Our C2 processor might be better suited to your
professional needs. The C2 offers the same motor size as the C3, but it is much smaller
than the C3 in general. However, this model does cost slightly more than the C3. You can
view the product description by visiting www.kitchenwareutopia.com/C2.
Posted by Kitchenware Utopia Customer Service on March 28
☑
191. What is NOT mentioned in the product
description as a feature of the C3 food
processor?
(A) It is very durable.
(B) It is suitable for commercial kitchens.
(C) It is larger than competitors' food
processors.
(D) It is a popular model.
192. What is indicated in the customer review?
(A) The C3 comes with detailed
instructions.
(B) Mr. Perles is pleased with his purchase.
(C) Kitchenware Utopia's customer service
is very good.
(D) Users find the C3 difficult to clean.
193. What is suggested about Mr. Perles?
(A) He paid $299 for the food processor.
(B) He purchased some optional parts for
the processor.
(C) He catered a large-scale event on
March 27.
(D) He has never used a food processor
before.
194. Why would the C2 processor likely be
recommended as more suitable for
Mr. Perles?
(A) It is inexpensive.
(B) It is dishwasher safe.
(C) It is easy to assemble.
(D) It is lightweight.
195. In the online response, the word "regarding"
in paragraph 1, line 3, is closest in meaning
to
(A) looking after
(B) about
(C) in comparison
(D) admiring

Questions 196-200 refer to the following article, schedule, and news update.
Ment Hall to Host Piasek Cup Final
Ment Hall, which is currently undergoing
extensive renovation, will be ready to
host the final game of the Piasek Cup
Volleyball Championship to be held in
Warsaw this June. Although the project
has been in the works for some time, it
was the opportunity to host this
championship that provided the economic
incentive to push the project to its
completion. City officials have confirmed
that the construction is progressing
according to schedule and will be
complete well before the finals of the
championship.
Since Ment Hall is the only major arena
in the country that has never hosted a
Piasek Cup event, the hall's owners were
proud to have been chosen to host this
year's finale. The final game will
inaugurate the refurbished hall. The event
is expected to draw thousands of
volleyball fans, and the organizers are
confident that Ment Hall will live up to
the occasion. Seating 19,000 spectators,
Ment Hall will be double its previous
size.
Piasek Cup Volleyball Championship
Quarterfinal Games
Venezuela-Australia
10 June, 3:00 P.м.
Loave Arena,
Bydgoszcz
Semifinal Games
Poland-France
10 June, 6:00 P.м.
Timpani Hall,
Katowice
Brazil-USA
11 June, 3:00 P.M.
Polana Center,
Cracow
Winners of 10 June games
13 June, 3:00 P.M. Timpani Hall, Katowice
Final Game
16 June, 6:00 P.M.
Ment Hall, Warsaw
Cuba-Egypt
11 June, 6:00 P.м.
Mistrz Arena,
Wroclaw
Winners of 11 June games
13 June, 3:00 P.M. Polana Center, Cracow
NOTE: Tickets for the final game are selling fast, so don't wait until
after the semifinal games to order. Reserved seating only, no general
admission. No refunds.
News Update
HALLAX RADIO 108.3 FM
Sports-Volleyball, 10 June
At 3:00 P.M., Venezuela will take on Australia
for qualification to the semifinals. Our guest
announcer will be Vin Cote, retired coach of
last year's winning team from Canada.
At 6:00 P.M., host team Poland will face off
against France. The game will be covered live
by Jeremy Bosko.
196. In the article, the word "draw" in paragraph
2, line 7, is closest in meaning to
(A) promote
(B) attract
(C) sketch
(D) remove
197. What will be changed about Ment Hall?
(A) Its ownership
(B) Its ticket prices
(C) Its seating capacity
(D) Its location
198. When will the first game be held at a new
host venue?
(A) On June 10
(B) On June 13
(C) On June 14
(D) On June 16
199. In the schedule, what are people advised to
do?
(A) Request a refund for tickets that they
do not plan to use
(B) Order tickets immediately after the
semifinal games
(C) Buy tickets for the final game as soon
as possible
(D) Arrive at the final game early
200. Where will Mr. Cote be reporting from?
(A) Bydgoszcz
(B) Katowice
(C) Cracow
(D) Wroclaw EBSTE
