READING TEST
In the Reading test, you will read a variety of texts and answer several different types of reading
comprehension questions. The entire Reading test will last 75 minutes. There are three parts, and
directions are given for each part. You are encouraged to answer as many questions as possible within
the time allowed.
You must mark your answers on the separate answer sheet. Do not write your answers in your test
book.
PART 5
Directions: A word or phrase is missing in each of the sentences below. Four answer choices are
given below each sentence. Select the best answer to complete the sentence. Then mark the letter
(A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
101. The Sandville Community Center received
------- of art supplies.
(A) donating
(B) donated
(C) donations
(D) donate
105. Mr. Kwon ---.-- guided the proposal
through the difficult approval process.
102. The sales associates often ------- potential
client accounts at the weekly meeting.
(A) discusses
(B) discuss
(C) discussion
(D) discussing
(A) skillful
(B) skilled
(C) skill
(D) skillfully
106. The Standbridge Company ------- its staff to
work remotely one or two days each week.
103. Ravelia Hotels is building a hotel -------
Wingate Mall.
(A) up to
(B) since
(C) next to
(D) throughout
104. Starting this Thursday, all Tenacore
employees will be required to wear -------
official uniforms.
(A) their
(B) themselves
(C) they
(D) them
(A) understands
(B) participates
(C) encourages
(D) remembers
107. Please arrive ten minutes before your
appointment to allow enough ----to fill out
some paperwork.
(A) time
(B) staff
(C) seats
(D) funds
108. ------- you have any questions about the
updated contract, please contact Human
Resources.
(A) If
(B) Though
(C) Either
(D) Beyond
109. The printed ------- for the upcoming musical
are kept in the theater director's office.
110.
(A) advertisements
(B) advertises
(C) advertised
(D) advertise
Laboratory chemicals should be stored no
------- than eye level and never on top of a
tall cabinet.
(A) upper
(B) further
(C) longer
(D) higher
111. According to Reilly's vehicle fleet manager,
------- company delivery vans will be
serviced in August.
(A) much
(B) total
(C) all
(D) highly
112. Because airlines ------- revise
baggage-check policies, passengers should
check for updates before a flight.
(A) occasion
(B) occasional
(C) occasions
(D) occasionally
113. Contracts for the Queen's Landing project
115. Ms. Koffler is confident------- the new
manager will improve the department's
productivity.
(A) in
(B) well
(C) that
(D) both
116. The wooden barn on the Eastwood property
is so ------- deteriorated that it is unlikely to
be salvaged.
(A) formerly
(B) badly
(C) briefly
(D) exactly
117. Roseville Resort is offering discounted
accommodations ------- its first month of
operation.
(A) during
(B) among
(C) in front of
(D) away from
118. Although the look of the new mobile phone
model is ------- the previous one, the call
quality is much improved.
should be placed in an ------- stack on the 119.
supervisor's desk.
(A) organize
(B) organizer
(C) organized
(D) organizing
114. Some board members ------- that Mr. Saito's
sales forecasts are too optimistic.
(A) need
(B) pause
(C) refuse
(D) suspect
(A) similar to
(B) involved in
(C) happy with
(D) occupied by
Dr. Simone Beaumont ------- to head of
Research and Development at Brodeur
Technology last week.
(A) promoted
(B) was promoted
(C) promotes
(D) is promoting
120. Enertek Industries is developing an ---
safe method for refining lithium.
(A) environmentalist
(B) environments
(C) environmental
(D) environmentally
121. Before starting the motor, make sure the
brake is
(A) engage
(B) engages
(C) engagement
(D) engaged
122. Henderson Technical College offers
introductory computer ------- for free to
community members.
(A) purchases
(B) lessons
(C) graphics
(D) users
123. No fees will be charged for the time the
agency ------- to search for records.
(A) looks
(B) examines
(C) takes
(D) inspects
124. The Durand Concert Hall, ------- was built
80 years ago, has undergone a complete
renovation.
(A) where
(B) each
(C) there
(D) which
125. There may be flaws in the computer code
that we are not ------- aware of.
(A) yet
(B) soon
(C) far
(D) lately
126. ------- who wishes to make a monetary gift
to the Voltra Museum should fill out the
form at the back of the brochure.
(A) Anyone
(B) Whichever
(C) Each other
(D) Those
127. Companies that seek a stable workforce
should focus on employee ------- as well as
recruitment.
(A) agents
(B) coverage
(C) retention
(D) authentication
128.---- a new user-friendly interface on its
Web site, the Kramer-Lee Company
reported improved customer satisfaction.
(A) Furthermore
(B) Owing to
(C) Subsequently
(D) At one time
129. Chef Wingert is reluctant to open a second
location of Antoine's Pizza ------- interest
from many of his customers.
(A) overall
(B) in addition to
(C) despite
(D) on the whole
130.--------- thinking by Ms. Blakely's marketing
team helped increase sales of the Mindi
motorcycle.
(A) Relative
(B) Potential
(C) Distant
(D) Creative
PART 6
Directions: Read the texts that follow. A word, phrase, or sentence is missing in parts of each text.
Four answer choices for each question are given below the text. Select the best answer to complete
the text. Then mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
Questions 131-134 refer to the following Web page.
Slipcovers
Glen and Meadows Home Goods now sells a variety of practical covers -131.: your chairs and
sofas. Our slipcovers are available in a wide selection of sizes and colors. We have many
options for your most heavily used There are many beautiful stain-resistant fabrics to 132.
choose from. If the use of synthetic materials is a concern, you can select from our 133.
Naturals Collection. Whatever your interior design plans, you can- change the look of any 134.
room with Glen and Meadows slipcovers.
131. (A) protect
(B) to protect
(C) are protecting (D) protected
132. (A) furniture
(B) systems
(C) appliances
(D) routes
134. (A) quicken
(B) quickly
(C) quicker
(D) quick
133. (A) They do not hold up well with
frequent use.
(B) They are no longer available on our
online store.
(C) And we are adding more options
every week.
(D) We find them fun and easy to wear.
Questions 135-138 refer to the following e-mail.
To: All Staff <staff@kelseytech.co.uk>
From: Kosei Masutani <kmasutani@kelseytech.co.uk>
Subject: Information
Date: 26 January
Some of you may have felt a bit--while sitting at your desk this morning. That's because 135.
one of the heating units in our building is broken. Unfortunately, the repair crew cannot come to
fix the problem until Thursday. The open office space on the lower level is the most affected
area, with only some heat. Our interns are----- Ta there, so they will be assigned temporary office 136.
spaces on other floors.-7, upon arrival tomorrow morning, interns will need to check in with 137.
Ms. Connor to receive their alternative work-space assignments. In the meantime, be 138.
assured we will ensure everyone's safety and resolve this quickly.
Kosei Masutani, Facilities Manager
135. (A) uncomfortable
(B) lonely
(C) prompt
(D) overwhelmed
136. (A) a location
(B) to locate
(C) locating
(D) located
137. (A) However
(B) Likewise
(C) Consequently
(D) Otherwise
138. (A) The interns willEMMORE not arrive here until
June.
(B) I apologize for the inconvenience.
(C) We will soon be renovating the open
office space.
(D) Heater maintenance is sometimes
costly.
Questions 139-142 refer to the following brochure.
Southerby Designs
Southerby Designs is the leading firm in designing retail spaces and product displays in the
greater Chennington area. For nearly three decades, Southerby Designs has collaborated with
countless stores, beautiful designs for their retail spaces. We have worked with 139. 140.
several museums and event production companies to create captivating, streamlined, and inviting
visitor experiences. --- designing retail displays to completing projects for leading cultural 141.
institutions, Southerby Designs can partner with your organization to develop the perfect design
solution to fit your needs. . We are confident that we can develop a solution to help you! 142.
139. (A) produced
(B) have produced
(C) was producing
(D) producing
140. (A) even
(B) instead
(C) therefore
142. (A) We worked with a large portfolio of
MEMM
(D) nevertheless
141. (A) By
(B) Over
(C) After
(D) From
designers and artists at that time.
(B) Contact us today and let us know what
design challenges you are facing.
(C) In fact, we raised our rates for the first
time last year.
(D) In contrast, our business has grown
substantially over the past ten years.
Questions 143-146 refer to the following Web page.
Central Train Service makes it-than ever to give the gift of travel. Our gift cards are the 143.
perfect way to give someone special an unforgettable journey. Traveling by train can provide
passengers with a worry-free experience.. Enjoy visiting amazing cities and beautiful 144.
national parks.
Central Train Service gift cards never45 They can be redeemed online or at any major train 145.
station. Cards can be purchased in amounts up to $500. There are no additional The full 146.
value of the gift card can be applied to any ticket purchase.
143. (A) easily
(B) easier
(C) easy
(D) ease
144. (A) The tourists often visit Paris and London.
(B) There are several ways to change your
seat selection.
(C) Travelers are free to relax and enjoy the
adventure.
(D) Passengers must travel with personal
identification.
145. (A) expire
(B) expiring
(C) expired
(D) expiration
146. (A) comments
(B) instructions
(C) dates
(D) fees
PART 7
Directions: In this part you will read a selection of texts, such as magazine and newspaper articles,
e-mails, and instant messages. Each text or set of texts is followed by several questions. Select the
best answer for each question and mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
Questions 147-148 refer to the following Web page.
https://www.aci.com/childrens-oral-care/availableoptions
Available Options Toothbrushes Mouthwash Other Products
Artemis Consolidated Industries (ACI) is the country's leading manufacturer of a range of
oral hygiene products for children and adults. Among our best sellers is Oraglitz, the
nation's most popular children's toothpaste. It has won various industry awards, including
the Product Excellence Prize. In addition to being available on this Web site, Oraglitz can
also be purchased at supermarkets, pharmacies, and health food stores nationwide.
Some Basic Facts About Oraglitz
Flavor Designed for Ages Size
Peach 18 months to 3 years 5 and 6 ounce
Strawberry 3 to 4 years
Vanilla 4 to 7 years
4, 5, and 6 ounce
4 and 5 ounce
Mint 7 years and up 4 and 6 ounce
147. What is NOT stated about Oraglitz?
(A) It is widely available.
(B) It comes in three sizes.
(C) It has seen an increase in sales
recently.
(D) It is highly regarded within the industry.
148. What flavor of Oraglitz is best for an
eight-year-old child?
(A) Peach
(B) Strawberry
(C) Vanilla
(D) Mint
Questions 149-150 refer to the following e-mail.
*E-mail
Parsons Road Distribution List
Alfredo Moreno
To:
From:
Date:
Subject: Parsons Road
October 12
Dear Parsons Road Businesses:
Beginning in March. Parsons Road will be widened between Memorial Boulevard and
Hallam Road. The project will add a center turn lane, bicycle paths, pedestrian paths.
and streetlights. In addition, a side gutter will be added to improve water flow.
The Parsons Road project ties into work completed between Hallam Road and Ingraham
Avenue earlier this year. This work will improve access to your businesses and increase
pedestrian safety on Parsons Road, which can be quite busy. The roadwork is expected
to take three months to complete. Please visit www.yorkcity.gov/parsonsroadproject for
more information.
Sincerely.
Alfredo Moreno
Community Relations Manager
Bethany Construction and Engineering
149. What is the purpose of the e-mail?
(A) To inform local companies about
upcoming construction
(B) To request feedback on a
road-improvement plan
(C) To advise businesses about a new
traffic light
(D) To ask for help in distributing
information
150. What is indicated about the Parsons Road
project?
 (A) It was delayed three times.
(B) It requires additional funding.
(C) It is expected to begin on October 12.
(D) It will make walking near the road safer.
Questions 151-152 refer to the following text-message chain.
Akim Diallo (10:47 A.M.)
Hi, Nicolette. Is your e-mail working? I just
reset my password, and now I'm having
trouble connecting to the network. Is it just
me? I don't want to miss any important
e-mails.
Nicolette Kone (10:49 A.M.)
No, mine is down too.
Akim Diallo (10:52 A.M.)
Any idea what's going on?
Nicolette Kone (10:52 A.M.)
No, but let me see what I can find out.
Nicolette Kone (10:58 A.M.)
I just checked with the tech support team. It
seems to be a global issue with the provider.
Akim Diallo (10:59 A.M.)
Let's hope it gets resolved soon. Our clients
don't wait-if we don't respond to their
requests immediately, they move on to the
next supplier.
Nicolette Kone (11:02 A.M.)
That's true. I'll let you know if I get any
updates.
151. What is Mr. Diallo unable to do?
(A) Access his e-mail account
(B) Locate his Internet provider
(C) Update his résumé information
(D) Contact the tech support team
152. At 11:02 A.M., what does Ms. Kone most
likely mean when she writes, "That's true"?
(A) She feels that the supplier makes
unreasonable requests.
(B) She understands that customers can be
impatient.
(C) She thinks her company needs a new
service provider.
(D) She expects to receive a status update
soon.
Questions 153-154 refer to the following sign.
Attention!
Some park visitors have been intentionally stacking piles of rocks as an art form or
for amusement. Please refrain from doing this on park grounds, as these unofficial
rock stacks can disrupt sensitive habitats and affect the area's natural beauty.
New rock piles can also endanger hikers who traditionally rely on stacked rock
markers as navigational tools. Park officials are the only ones who should be stacking
rocks, and they do so strategically on trails where the path may be unclear. If you see
rocks that have been stacked, please leave them alone, and do not create confusion
by making your own stack.
153. What is the purpose of the sign?
(A) To describe a historic monument
(B) To warn hikers about dangerous trails
(C) To change a behavior of visitors
(D) To ask for help with a building project
154. According to the sign, what do park
officials do?
(A) They coordinate group activities.
(B) They create directional markers.
(C) They issue resource permits.
(D) They grant access to a scenic overlook.
Questions 155-157 refer to the following article.
Orinti Explains Web Site Updates
SAN DIEGO (May 2)-Orinti, Inc., one of
North America's largest purveyors of tea,
recently added a page to its Web site, listing
the sources of all the tea leaves that end up in
its final products. The page was created in
response to recent public scrutiny over
whether the company is justified in claiming
that its tea is pesticide-free.
"The rumors being circulated do not
reflect reality," Orinti CEO Giovanni Shaw
said in a public statement issued on Tuesday.
"We procure tea leaves only from producers
who meet our strict quality standards. We
never settle for anything less."
155. What does the company's new Web page
display?
(A) The origin of its ingredients
(B) The steps in a production process
(C) The results of some product testing
(D) The process for evaluating new
vendors
156. Why did Mr. Shaw issue a public
statement?
(A) To announce a policy change
(B) To apologize for an oversight
(C) To correct some misinformation
(D) To reveal a new regional partner
According to Mr. Shaw, the company
also utilizes software that tracks the
producer, the processing date, and other
pertinent data for each batch of tea leaves.
"This level of detail is not displaycd on
our packaging for the simple reason that we
do not have the space for it," said Mr. Shaw.
"As we are committed to transparency, this
information can be viewed on our Web site."
The popular blog foodnews.org was the
first to call into question Orinti's assertion
that its tea leaves are grown without the use
of pesticides. The issue has since attracted
national attention.
157. What does the article suggest about
Orinti, Inc.?
(A) It is considering some packaging
alternatives.
(B) It is changing its leadership team.
(C) It wants to keep its recipes confidential.
(D) It gets information from an electronic
tracking system.
Questions 158-160 refer to the following notice.
Learn about Woodworking
Multonia Hardware, Inc., is offering an online video course about basic
woodworking. -[1] -. The course is fun and can be completed at your own pace,
and, best of all, it's free! It is divided into four prerecorded sections.-121-
Section 1 is an introduction to woodworking equipment, tools, and safety. -[3]-
Section 2 describes various types of wood and their appropriate uses. Section 3
introduces the fundamentals of cabinet and furniture repair. -[4]-. The final
section describes the preparation of wood surfaces and a variety of popular and
beautiful finishing techniques.
The course includes a downloadable instruction guide and an online chat feature that
can connect participants with an experienced woodworking artisan. Sign up today at multoniahardware.com/tips/basicwoodworking.
158. What section most likely covers how to
choose wood for a project?
(A) Section 1
(B) Section 2
(C) Section 3
(D) Section 4
160. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?
"Participants may take and retake as many
of the sections as they wish."
159. According to the notice, how can
participants find help while taking the
course?  (A) [1]
(B) [2]
(C)
(D)

[3]
[4]
(A) By buying a textbook from Multonia
Hardware
(B) By reaching out to other course
participants
(C) By visiting a Multonia Hardware
location
(D) By contacting an expert through the
Web site
Questions 161-164 refer to the following e-mail.
*E-mail
To:
From:
Kristen Coetzee <kcoetzee@rhyta.co.za>
Anita Ngubane <angubane@clubfreshenup.co.za>
Subject: Welcome to Club Freshen-Up
Date: 12 January
Dear Ms. Coetzee,
Thank you for joining Club Freshen-Up. We are delighted to be a part of your
continuing journey to well-being for the next twelve months.
Your membership in Club Freshen-Up entitles you to a monthly delivery of six essential
health-care and beauty products. Each shipment will contain a variety of individually
packaged items in attractive and reusable containers. Accompanying every shipment will
be an itemised receipt listing product numbers. Please refer to these numbers when
contacting us with questions about a product.
Everything from vitamins to lotions to cosmetics will be chosen just for you based on
the eight answers you provided in the personal-preferences questionnaire. Every item
you receive is guaranteed for one full year from the date of shipment. If you wish to
return an item, simply send us the unused portion along with a short note describing the
reason for your dissatisfaction. Upon receipt, we will send you an alternative of equal
value.
Sincerely,
Anita Ngubane
Member Services Specialist, Club Freshen-Up
161. What will a Club Freshen-Up subscriber
receive every month?
(A) Vegetarian cooking ingredients
(B) Fitness training equipment
(C) Household cleaning supplies
(D) Personal care merchandise
162. What does Club Freshen-Up offer its
customers?
(A) Monthly consultations
(B) Free shipping
(C) A product guarantee
(D) A print catalog
163. According to the e-mail, what should
accompany every product return?
(A) The original shipping material
(B) A written explanation
(C) A copy of the receipt
(D) The preferences questionnaire
164. What will Club Freshen-Up do when it
receivesa product return?
(A) Provide the customer with a discount
on a future membership fee
(B) Refund the purchase price
(C) Replace the item with another product
(D) Increase the number of products
included in a future shipment
Questions 165-167 refer to the following letter.
9 September
Soraya Delgado
Carrer de Bergara, 2, 08139
Sant Cugat del Valles
Barcelona, Spain
Dear Ms. Delgado,
I am writing to notify you that the board of directors has selected you to receive
the Ondae Award for Leadership for the Mediterranean region. Your contributions
to Allegrino Travel Agency helped place our company on the radar this year. Due to
your relentless work, your direction of the "Find a New Way" marketing initiative,
and your strategic development and placement of advertising, our travel agency is
now one of the most recognized brands in Europe.
The award ceremony will be held at the next shareholders' meeting of Allegrino
Travel Agency in Copenhagen on 19 November. I would like to ask you to consider
being a featured speaker at the meeting in addition to accepting your award. I
believe your insights into boosting market share and finding new ways to reframe
our services would be incredibly valuable for shareholders and other employees to
hear. Of course, all the expenses associated with your travel to Copenhagen would
be covered by the company. Please let me know whether you will be available to
accept your award and speak about your recent initiatives.
Sincerely,
Noer Noor Darwish, Danuoh CEО MOREAD
Allegrino Travel Agency
165. What is indicated about Ms. Delgado's
work?
(A) It has increased public awareness of
her company.
(B) It involves evaluating contributions
made by employees.
(C) It includes collecting feedback from
consumer surveys.
(D) It was instrumental in launching a new
award.
166. What is Ms. Delgado asked to do?
(A) Share her travel arrangements
(B) Present an award to a colleague
(C) Consider becoming a shareholder
(D) Give a speech at a company meeting
B
167. The word "covered" in paragraph 2, line 7,
is closest in meaning to
(A) paid
(B) hidden
(C) insured
(D) guarded
Questions 168-171 refer to the following text-message chain.
Vincent Benedict (9:45 A.M.) Hello. I was given your
contact information by my neighbor, Ms. Ryan. You did some
work in her home yesterday. I was wondering if you would
be able to move a power outlet in my house.
Matt Clayton (9:55 A.M.) We can help with that. Where is
the outlet? By the way, I'm adding my business partner,
Denise Bosworth, to this message.
Vincent Benedict (9:57 A.M.) It's in my living room, near
the floor. I want to move it up. I am going to have a television
screen mounted on my wall, and it will look ugly if there are
cords hanging down to the outlet.
Matt Clayton (10:00 A.M.) OK. We can do this type of
work for you.
Vincent Benedict (10:02 A.M.) How much would something
like that cost?
Matt Clayton (10:03 A.M.) That will probably be between
one and two hours of labor. We charge $50 per hour.
Denise Bosworth (10:05 A.M.) However, we might find
pipes, insulation, or other wiring in the wall once we open it.
Vincent Benedict (10:08 A.M.) I understand. Thank you for
the information. Are you available to come out and see what
needs to be done?
Matt Clayton (10:12 A.M.) I will have someone from our
office get in touch with you by phone to schedule a visit.
168. Why did Mr. Benedict contact Mr. Clayton?
(A) To apply for a job
(B) To request a service
(C) To complain about a repair
(D) To welcome a new neighbor
169. What most likely is Mr. Clayton's job?
(A) Electrician
(B) Inspector
(C) Plumber
(D) Salesperson
170. At 10:08 A.M., what does Mr. Benedict most
likely mean when he writes, "I understand"?
(A) He will reschedule a visit.
(B) He will follow up with Ms. Bosworth.
(C) He knows that the final cost may vary
from the estimate.
(D) He knows what materials need to be
purchased.
171. What should Mr. Benedict expect next?
(A) Delivery of a television
(B) Removal of some wires
(C) A call from Mr. Clayton's office
(D) An invoice for completed work
Questions 172-175 refer to the following e-mail.
From: Sita J. Kumar
To: Homestead Natural Pharmaceuticals Staff
Subject: News
Date: October 10
— [1] -. Thank you all for the wonderful fifteen years I have spent with Homestead
Natural Pharmaceuticals. I am especially grateful for all the coworkers and mentors I have
worked with over the years. Moreover, for those who worked on the projects that I
directed, your commitment to developing safe, effective medicines has always been
appreciated. -[2]-
I will be returning to India to be near my extended family. [3]-. However, I am not
leaving the field. I will be taking a job with Aithal Research, where I will continue the
work of making natural pharmaceuticals. - [4]-
I wish you all the best. Keep up the great work!
Sincerely.
Sita Kumar
172. What is one purpose of the e-mail?
(A) To request a job transfer
(B) To describe some pharmaceutical
products
(C) To ask for help with a new project
(D) To announce a decision to colleagues
173. What most likely is Ms. Kumar's position at
Homestead Natural Pharmaceuticals?
174.
(A) Accountant
(B) Project manager
(C) Chief executive officer
(D) Administrative assistant
What is indicated about Ms. Kumar?
(A) She is retiring from work.
(B) She has started her own company.
(C) She is relocating to be closer to her
relatives.
(D) She completed an internship at Aithal
Research.
175. In which of the positions marked [1], [2]
and [4] does the following sentence bes
belong?
"I am proud that, together, we have ma
positive advances in our industry."
(A) [1]
(B) [2]
(C) [3]
(D) [4]
Questions 176-180 refer to the following review and e-mail.
In the Kitchen
Reviewed by Peter Gottlieb
Qi Chien understands how restaurants work. Her new book, In the Kitchen: How to
Thrive in the Restaurant Business, expertly advises restaurant managers on handling
challenges in the industry, from creating reasonable schedules for chefs to appeasing picky diners. Throughout the book, Chien offers concise, practical suggestions with
easy-to-understand concepts. Overall, the book offers a colorful snapshot of the
various tasks involved in the day-to-day operations of a restaurant.
Chien's book is unique among other industry guides in that she interviewed
restaurant owners, managers, and customers as part of her research. She even spoke
to journalists who write restaurant reviews to get a good sense of what they most prize
in a dining experience. My only criticism is that the book should have also included
the perspective of chefs, especially since their role is crucial to a restaurant's success.
This caveat aside, In the Kitchen is an insightful and instructive read.
To: editor@lakecountyherald.com
From:
Date:
Subject:
To the Editor:
qichien@rapidonline.com
August 5
In the Kitchen
I was delighted to read Peter Gottlieb's review of my latest book, In the Kitchen, in your
newspaper. I have appreciated his thoughtful comments about my works over the years,
even if they are sometimes negative. In this case, I was especially glad that he liked the
chapter about restaurant reviewers, since initially I had been reluctant to interview
journalists for the book. It is true that I could have included a greater variety of insights,
but unfortunately the people whose views he most wanted to hear were just too busy to
speak with me before the publishing deadline. Perhaps this is something I can address in
an updated edition of the book.
Qi Chien
176. What is the focus of Ms. Chien's book?
(A) How to properly train chefs
(B) How to develop recipes
(C) How to manage a restaurant
(D) How to write an engaging story
177. What does Mr. Gottlieb indicate about
Ms. Chien's writing?
(A) It is informative.
(B) It is outdated.
(C) It is imaginative.
(D) It is well organized.
178. In the review, the word "sense" in
paragraph 2, line 3, is closest in meaning to
(A) intelligence
(B) idea
(C) chance
(D) direction
179. What is suggested about Mr. Gottlieb in the
e-mail?
(A) He has worked at the same company
as Ms. Chien.
(B) He met Ms. Chien at a restaurant
industry conference.
(C) He was interviewed by Ms. Chien for
one of her books.
(D) He has reviewed other books written by
Ms. Chien.
180. What group of people was Ms. Chien
unable to speak to before her deadline?
(A) Chefs
(B) Diners
(C) Journalists
(D) Restaurant owners
Questions 181-185 refer to the following e-mail and text message.
To:
From:
Date:
Harriet Trimble <htrimble@decobusinessdesign.com>
Karl Vinton <karl.vinton@vintapparel.com>
May 26
Subject: Layout for Vint Apparel store
Attachment: Store layout
Hello, Harriet,
I am delighted you are available for this latest project; we were very pleased with your
previous work. Here are some general instructions to start.
On the back wall, hang the Vint Apparel neon sign high enough to be seen over other
furniture in the store. The sign has already shipped and should be delivered next Monday.
The rectangular light fixtures will also arrive on Monday. There should be four-two for
each of the side walls. The racks and shelving to display clothing are already there. Please
place the three circular racks in the center of the store and put the two shelving units
along the left side as you enter the store. Finally, place the cashier station to the right as
you enter the store.
I have attached a drawing of the layout that includes more detail.
Regards.
Karl Vinton, Owner
Harriet Trimble [8:05 A.M.]
I stopped by the Vint Apparel job site. We will have to put
everything in place by June 15 because the grand opening
is fast approaching. Mr. Vinton stressed that they need to
start stocking merchandise the week of June 20 to be
ready for the official event on July 1.
Jackson Ortega [8:06 A.M.]
We can do that.
Harriet Trimble [8:07 A.M.]
Also, there has been a change to the layout drawing. Now
we are to install a mannequin display where the two shelving units were and then move the shelving units to
the side walls. I will bring an updated copy for you when I
come over this afternoon.
181. What does Mr. Vinton suggest in the
e-mail?
(A) He has worked with Ms. Trimble before.
(B) A neon sign has already been delivered
to Vint Apparel's new location.
(C) He plans to inspect the store on
Monday.
(D) Vint Apparel's new location is in a
shopping center.
182. According to the e-mail, how many
rectangular light fixtures will be delivered?
(A) One
(B) Two
(C) Threе
(D) Four
183. Where will the mannequin display be
installed?
(A) Against the back wall
(B) In the center of the store
(C) To the left of the entrance
(D) To the right of the cashier station
184. What does Ms. Trimble suggest is the date
of the new Vint Apparel location's grand
opening?
(A) May 26
(B) June 15
(C) June 20
(D) July 1
185. What will Ms. Trimble do with the updated
layout drawing?
(A) She will hang it in her office.
(B) She will review it with Mr. Vinton.
(C) She will take it to Mr. Ortega.
(D) She will mail it to Vint Apparel.
Questions 186-190 refer to the following Web page and e-mails.
Foursquare Housing offers corporate housing with apartment units in the greater Miltonville
area. The apartments are fully furnished and include wireless Internet service. Floor plans
and photos of apartment interiors can be viewed online.
Center Tower
Located in downtown Miltonville, the ten-story building has shops on the ground level.
Center Tower is on the southwest corner of Beeman Square, features a rooftop garden, and
is close to public transportation.
Angora Plaza
Located near downtown Miltonville, the building has a self-service laundromat and a large
parking garage. It is also close to two subway stations.
Regent Apartments
Located approximately six miles outside of Miltonville, the building features an on-site
business center and is within walking distance ofpublic transportation.
Cityview Gardens
Cityview Gardens is a complex of four two-story buildings located in Dayton, about a
twenty-minute drive from downtown Miltonville. The property boasts a fitness center and a
swimming pool and is adjacent to a community park. A bus line operates a route through
the neighborhood.
From: gsteuber@ wardertechnology.com
To: info@foursquarehousing.com
Date: July 12
Subject: Inquiry
Foursquare Housing,
I work in the human resources office of Warder Technology's Miltonville division. We are
seeking an apartment that can be used by employees from outside the area who will work
at our headquarters temporarily.
We need an apartment for employees who will be in Miltonville for two months or more.
The apartment should have amenities like a gym and a pool.
Sincerely,
Gina Steuber
From:
To:
Date:
info@foursquarehousing.com
gsteuber@wardertechnology.com
July 12
Subject: Information you requested
Attachment:
Dear Ms. Steuber,
Pricing_ Leases.pdf
Thank you for your interest in Foursquare Housing. We have a two-bedroom apartment
that will be available on August 15 that should meet your requirements. I have attached a
price list for this unit and our other apartments as well. If you agree that this meets your
needs, I can send a contract.
I should point out that your corporate headquarters in Beeman Square is next to
apartments owned by Foursquare. One apartment here will also become available in
August. This would be very convenient if you have short-term visitors.
Sincerely,
Sam Flannery
Leasing Agent
186. What is true about all of the apartments
listed on the Web site?
(A) They are in downtown Miltonville.
(B) They are near public transportation.
(C) They have swimming pools.
(D) They are in high-rise buildings.
187. What apartment would best fit the
requirements mentioned by Ms. Steuber?
(A) Center Tower
(B) Angora Plaza
(C) Regent Apartments
(D) Cityview Gardens
188. According to Mr. Flannery, what will happen
in August?
(A) Two apartments will become available.
(B) Foursquare Housing will purchase a new
building.
(C) Warder Technology will reach the end
of its lease.
(D) An apartment building will be
renovated.
189. What does Mr. Flannery offer to send
Ms. Steuber?
(A) Amap of Miltonville
(B) Arental contract
(C) Photos of apartments
(D) Resident reviews of properties
190. What does Mr. Flannery suggest about
Warder Technology's corporate
headquarters?
(A) It is a twenty-minute drive from
Miltonville.
(B) It is next to the Center Tower building.
(C) It is on the same road as the Regent
Apartments.
(D) It has a large parking garage.
Questions 191-195 refer to the following e-mails and Web page.
To: Everlast Hospital Nursing Staff
From: Gretchen Robertson
Date: February 3
Subject: Deonardo pilot testing
Thank you for agreeing to work with the team at Cybernetic Robotics as they tested their
new robot, Deonardo, in our hospital. As you know, Deonardo was developed to allow
you, our nursing staff, more time to focus on patients. This is exciting work.
It has been a month, and Cybernetic Robotics would like to hear about your experiences
with Deonardo. Please use the following link to complete an online survey. The team
especially wants to know about your experiences with Deonardo during the state
reviewers' inspection on January 28. At the end of the survey, you may leave any additional comments you have about the robot.
www.cyberneticrobotics.com/survey/everlast/
Best regards,
Gretchen Robertson
Director, Everlast Hospital
https://www.cyberneticrobotics.com/survey/everlast/01282
Deonardo is easy to work with. I like that I don't have to tell Deonardo directly
what to do. When I update patient information in our system, Deonardo's tasks are
updated as well. I have been better able to concentrate on my patients because
know Deonardo takes care of little things that used to take up so much of my time.
Deonardo was particularly helpful during a recent state review because it delivered
patients' medications for all the nurses so that we didn't have to, and we were able
to focus on patient care. I believe Deonardo helped us receive positive comments
from the inspectors.
I do wish Deonardo could respond to voice commands. And occasionally, its
wheels squeak as it moves around. But patients like watching it work, and
everyone wants to take pictures with it. I wonder if you could get Deonardo to
stand still for pictures?
Lan Duy, BSN
To:
From:
Date:
Everlast Hospital Nursing Staff
Gretchen Robertson
February 13
Subject: Deonardo in-house pilot
Thank you all for your help with Deonardo, our nursing robot. I'm glad that our staff has
been able to take part in such groundbreaking work.
Those of you who work directly with Deonardo can expect it to behave a bit differently in
the coming week. It will be programmed to perform some new tasks. Previously, it waited
at the nurse's station between tasks. Now, it will spend some of this time interacting with
patients who may want to pose for pictures with it. When Deonardo is in this socializing
mode, the eyes on its LED face will be heart-shaped instead of the round eyes that
indicate that it is in work mode.
Finally, the hospital will be purchasing two additional robots in the next few months to
work in other areas of the hospital. I appreciate your willingness to work with this new
technology. We look forward to learning how robots can further improve employee and
patient experiences.
Sincerely,
Gretchen Robertson
Director, Everlast Hospital
191. What is the purpose of the first e-mail?
(A) To describe an upcoming inspection
(B) To invite nurses to give feedback
(C) To announce an employment
opportunity
(D) To request suggestions for naming a
robot
192. What task did Deonardo perform on
January 28?
(A) It analyzed patients' health data.
(B) It made copies of patients' records.
(C) It brought medications to patients.
(D) It played music to entertain patients.
193. In the second e-mail, what does
Ms. Robertson indicate about Deonardo?
(A) It has a display that looks like a face.
(B) It works closely with doctors.
(C) It will begin serving patients their
meals.
(D) It has a special charging base.
194. What suggestion from Ms. Duy did the
robotics company most likely apply?
(A) The robot will now play games with
patients.
(B) The robot will get quieter wheels.
(C) The robot will respond to voice
commands.
(D) The robot will now be available for
photographs with patients.
195. What does the hospital plan to do in the
near future?
(A) Replace the robot
(B) Buy more robots
(C) Advertise its robot
(D) Repair the robot
Questions 196-200 refer to the following e-mail, advertisement, and online form.
*E-mail*
To: management_team@pfi.co.uk
From: schakravarty@pfi.co.uk
R&D Director Search Subject:
Date: 24 July
Attachment: Files.txt
Dear Management Team Members,
On behalf of the hiring committee, I am pleased to report that the search for a new
research and development director is nearing completion.
Given the key selection criteria the suitable candidate must meet-a demonstrated ability
to improve product offerings, a keen awareness of consumers' tastes, and in-depth
knowledge of nutritional science-we have narrowed the applicant pool to Alex Mooring
and Inez Fuentes. While either makes for an excellent choice, 1 believe that Ms. Fuentes
is better suited to the role. Though somewhat less experienced than Mr. Mooring, she
has innovative ideas that are in line with our company's needs.
Attached are the résumés and references of the two candidates. The dates, times, and
location of their final interviews will be forthcoming in another e-mail when that
information is finalized. We look forward to your participation in these meetings as well
as your final hiring decision.
Sincae D
Supriya Chakravarty, Chair, Hiring Committee
Primidian Food Industries
Upcoming Events at Primidian Food Industries
On 7 October at 10 A.M., Ms. Inez Fuentes, director of research and development at
Primidian Food Industries (PFI), will facilitate a workshop titled Food Innovation for
the Future. Among other things, she will explain why PFI recently reformulated its
pasta products and demonstrate how they can be prepared in novel, tasty ways.
Ms. Fuentes is a certified nutritionist with a degree in food science from Mexico
City's Academy of Science and Technology. Upon graduation, she accepted a
two-year internship at Italy's prestigious Rome Institute of Culinary Arts. Before
joining PFI's executive team, she served for five years as lead product development
manager at Zesty Meals, based in Montreal, Canada.
Register for this free event at www.pfi.co.uk/events/register, specifying whether you
will attend online or in person at our corporate headquarters in Birmingham.
https://www.pfi.co.uk/contact-us
Who We Are Our Brands News and Events Contact Us
Please complete the form below so someone from our team can contact you.
Name: Chaim Auerbach
E-mail: chaim_auerbach@equisend.net.uk
Your Message:
I thoroughly enjoyed the Food Innovation for the Future workshop led by Ms. Fuentes on
28 October. I almost missed it, though. Apparently, when details about the workshop were
updated, including that it would be an online-only event, my registration-and, I learned,
that of some other participants-was not transferred over. Luckily, a staffer charged with
online registration was able to quickly reregister me. PFI may want to analyse its electronic
registration system and make improvements where necessary so that this problem does not
reoccur.
196. Why did Ms. Chakravarty write the e-mail?
(A) To describe her work experience
(B) To propose a new line of products
(C) To provide information about some job
applicants
(D) To offer feedback on a pending
research project
197. According to the e-mail, what will
Ms. Chakravarty send to committee
members in the near future?
(A) An interview schedule
(B) A list of desired leadership skills
(C) An analysis of a consumer survey
(D) A collection of tips for revising résumés
198. What can be concluded about the
management team?
(A) It agreed with Ms. Chakravarty's
recommendation.
(B) It recently added more members.
(C) It updated the key selection criteria for
a job in July.
(D) It contacted Mr. Mooring for references.
199. Based on the advertisement, where most
likely does Ms. Fuentes currently live?
(A) In Rome
(B) In Montreal
(C) In Mexico City
(D) In Birmingham
200. What is suggested about the workshop?
(A) It was mainly an in-person event.
(B) It was held later than originally
scheduled.
(C) It cost more than was budgeted.
(D) It had more participants than expected.
เฉลยข
อถ
เว
บไซต

ให้เลื

อนลงไป เลือกชุดที

ต้องการดูเช่น ชุดเทาเทา
จะเจอหน้านี

กดเลือกเลย
ว่
าจะชุดเล่ม
ไหน
เทา เล่ม 4
ดูที

หน้านี

เลื

อนลงมาเรื

อยๆ เจอ
แน่นอนงับบ
ยด
ยดจะต
องด
ในแอพครบ
IOS จะแยกพารท
อ่าน พารท
อันนี

จะเป็
นแอพของ Android จะรวม
พารท
อ่าน พารท
์ ฟังในแอพเดียวกัน
ทําข้อสอบในแอพได้เลย
แบ่งทําควิ
ซ ทําควิ
ซแยกพารท
ที

ไม่
ถนัดได้
าตอบได้- มีสรุปคํ
าศัพท
ครังที

ทําข้อสอบ
วอย
าง Feature ในแอพ
ทําข้อสอบในแอพได้เลย
แบ่งทําควิ
ซ ทําควิ
ซแยก
พารท
ที

ไม่ถนัดได้
คํ
าศัพท
เฉลยไว้
อ่านต่อ
ปล Audio ไฟล
ได้ด้วยนะ
วอย
าง Feature ในแอพ
มีบันทึกคะแนนที

ทํา คํ
านวณ
คะแนนให้ด้วยนะ
มีคํ
าศัพท
์ให้ด้วย
มีให้ฝึกทํา CBT ในแอพ
TOEIC
เฉลยข
อถ
เว
บไซต

ให้เลื

อนลงไป เลือกชุดที

ต้องการดูเช่น ชุดเทาเทา
จะเจอหน้านี

กดเลือกเลย
ว่
าจะชุดเล่ม
ไหน
เทา เล่ม 4
ดูที

หน้านี

เลื

อนลงมาเรื

อยๆ เจอ
แน่นอนงับบ
ยด
ยดจะต
องด
ในแอพครบ
IOS จะแยกพารท
อ่าน พารท
อันนี

จะเป็
นแอพของ Android จะรวม
พารท
อ่าน พารท
์ ฟังในแอพเดียวกัน
ทําข้อสอบในแอพได้เลย
แบ่งทําควิ
ซ ทําควิ
ซแยกพารท
ที

ไม่
ถนัดได้
าตอบได้- มีสรุปคํ
าศัพท
ครังที

ทําข้อสอบ
วอย
าง Feature ในแอพ
ทําข้อสอบในแอพได้เลย
แบ่งทําควิ
ซ ทําควิ
ซแยก
พารท
ที

ไม่ถนัดได้
คํ
าศัพท
เฉลยไว้
อ่านต่อ
ปล Audio ไฟล
ได้ด้วยนะ
วอย
าง Feature ในแอพ
มีบันทึกคะแนนที

ทํา คํ
านวณ
คะแนนให้ด้วยนะ
มีคํ
าศัพท
์ให้ด้วย
มีให้ฝึกทํา CBT ในแอพ

READING TEST
In the Reading test, you will read a variety of texts and answer several different types of reading
comprehension questions. The entire Reading test will last 75 minutes. There are three parts, and
directions are given for each part. You are encouraged to answer as many questions as possible within
the time allowed.
You must mark your answers on the separate answer sheet. Do not write your answers in your test
book.
PART 5
Directions: A word or phrase is missing in each of the sentences below. Four answer choices are
given below each sentence. Select the best answer to complete the sentence. Then mark the letter
(A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
101. The building contract was ------- awarded to
Zhong Builders of Manchester.
(A) slowly
(B) exactly
(C) greatly
(D) recently
105. Mr. Yang sent one copy of his résumé but
was asked to bring ------- to his interview.
102. A small salad is included with the lunch
special------- Wednesday.
(A) as
(B) every
(C) eventually
(D) those
106.
103. Mapsoar Airways redesigned its seats to
make it much ------- to recline them.
(A) easy
(B) easily
(C) easier
(D) ease
104. Employees may visit the company cafeteria
on weekday evenings ------ 8:00 р.м.
(A) since
(B) until
(C) along
(D) over
(A) another
(B) anyone
(C) itself
(D) all
Once payment------- are submitted, it takes
several days for any corporate expenditures
to be approved.
(A) offices
(B) debates
(C) delays
(D) requests
107. The Outsourced Kitchen Company's
cross-back apron is ------- by chefs around
the world.
108.
(A) favor
(B) favorite
(C) favored
(D) favoring
Mr. Toskala was able to ------- an agreement
with the supplier for lower-cost replacement
parts.
(A) arrive
(B) reach
(C) call
(D) touch
109. Lucior Shoes saw a ------- in expenses after
adjusting its production processes.
(A) drop
(B) drops
(C) dropped
(D) to droр
110. Ms. Easley was asked to limit ------- to two
10-minute breaks per day.
(A) their
(B) she
(C) herself
(D) they
111. Since the Orchid Ridge Hotel is in a remote
area, the Web site includes a map and
detailed -------.
(A) renovations
(B) directions
(C) settings
(D) appearances
112. Ms. Dolin ------- requested that order
number 42 be hand delivered to avoid
(A) breakage. specific
(B) specify
(C) specifically
(D) specification
113. Gahee's Market is located -------the
northeast corner of Welsh Avenue and Zilla
Drive.
114.
(A) among
(B) at
(C) into
(D) to
------- of Hamilton County are looking
forward to the restored waterfront
promenade.
(A) Residing
(B) Residents
(C) Resides
(D) Residential
115. The Wakeshuka Manufacturing Council is
made up of regional factory leaders-------
help set industry standards.
116.
(A) whichever
(B) whose
(C) who
(D) what
Inquiries regarding long-term advertising
contracts should be ------ to Juan Mendes
in the sales department.
(A) arranged
(B) prepared
(C) addressed
(D) obtained
117. Interns at Biocоrps ------- participated in the
collection and analysis of water samples
from the city reservoir.
(A) tremendously
(B) exponentially
(C) severely
(D) eagerly
118. Mr. Melo argued that Vantimore's inventory
tracking system is too -------.
(A) complexes
(B) complex
(C) complexity
(D) complexness
119. Years of experience in the industry is the
most------- factor in predicting one's
success in a supervisory role.
(A) temporary
(B) valuable
(C) purposeful
(D) respective
120. Iron Nail Hardware sells a wide ------- of
kitchen and bathroom fixtures.
(A) vary
(B) various
(C) variously
(D) variety
121. The popular Zeni Flex athletic shoes are
sold ------- at Sports Now Shops.
(A) exclusively
(B) eligibly
(C) extremely
(D) explicitly
122. The newest Pala's Pasta House operates
as a delivery-only restaurant, ------- its older
locations continue to offer dine-in service.
(A) owing to
(B) apart from
(C) whereas
(D) during
123.----- three weeks of completing the training
sessions, the factory workers' efficiency
improved by 24 percent.
(A) Within
(B) Experiencing
(C) Further
(D) Considering
124. A portfolio of promising uniform designs
was submitted to the client for----
(A) evaluation
(B) description
(C) inscription
(D) expectation
125. The sales representatives ------- samples of
the company's latest medications to
doctors' offices throughout the region.
(A) to distribute
(B) is distributing
(C) will be distributing
(D) have been distributed
126. Performing regular maintenance on your
delivery vehicles will help prevent service
disruptions and ------- emergency repairs.
(A) annoyed
(B) damaged
(C) costly
(D) steady
127. Despite past business failures, Mr. Bharati
------- and now runs a successful shipping
operation.
(A) persevered
(B) acknowledged
(C) determined
(D) criticized
128. Mr. Chen spoke -------, and his material was
very well organized.
(A) distinct
(B) distinctly
(C) distinctive
(D) distinction
129. Ms. Marcus is scheduled to arrive at City
Station at 7:13 P.м. ------- her train is on
time.
(A) unless
(B) in order to
(C) provided that
(D) as much as
130. In the report, the researchers described the
methodology they used in ------- their
conclusions.
(A) formulating
(B) formulate
(C) formulated
(D) being formulated
PART 6
Directions: Read the texts that follow. A word, phrase, or sentence is missing in parts of each text.
Four answer choices for each question are given below the text. Select the best answer to complete
the text. Then mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
Questions 131-134 refer to the following information.
Signs Press Plus is the region's oldest and most trusted sign 131 Our company creates signs
in many sizes and forms-banners, storefront signs, and even vehicle wraps. -We use our 132.
133. experience to design signs that allow our customers' enterprises to stand out from the
competition. We can help you get your business noticed! Call 575-555-0161 to--a consultation. 134.
131. (A) is made
(B) making
(C) to make
(D) maker MEMMI
133. (A) permanent
(B) rewarding
(C) extensive
(D) memorable
132. (A) Your order has been given prompt
attention.
134. (A) cancel
(B) set up
(B) We have been doing this for over
30 years.
(C) provide
(C) Some companies have delivery
trucks.  (D) turn down
(D) These clients include signs in their
marketing plans.
Questions 135-138 refer to the following article.
Fill-Your-Cup Day Returns
COLUMBUS (June 16)-Nationwide convenience store chain Abel's Market is announcing the
return ofa well-known promotion not seen in three years. On June 22, customers
their own cups to participating Abel's Markets to receive half-price fountain drinks. The 135.
retailer urges creativity when defining a cup and posteda picture of a flower vase filled with
soda as an example onsocial media account.- Abel's Market encourages customers 136. 137.
to post pictures of their creative cups to their own social media accounts and to mention the
company in their posts.
Abel's Market has not stated whether Fill-Your-Cup Day will become an annual event as it
--was. 138.
135. (A) brought
(B) can bring
(C) would bring
(D) were bringing
136. (A) its
(B) our
(C) your
(D) them
EMMO138. (A) smoothly
(B) kindly
(C) previously
(D) constantly
137. (A) The company has increased its online
advertising budget.
(B) Note that Abel's Market no longer
provides vases.
(C) Fill-Your-Cup Day was once a highly
popular event.
(D) Any container that fits under the store's
soda machine may be used.
Questions 139-142 refer to the following Web page.
Castak Recruiting: What We Do
Since we started our operations more than ten years ago, we have helped countless job
seekers find employment----our online listings of job openings. However, that is not all we 139.
. We also help employers find the most qualified candidates to fill their vacant positions in 140.
the shortest amount of time possible. Most human resources directors who use Castak
Recruitinghire new staff within two weeks of posting their job openings on our Web site. 141.
Castak Recruiting's service for companies is subscription based and provides numerous
affordable and customizable plans. 142.
139. (A) between
(B) versus
(C) over
(D) through
140. (A) offer
(B) assess
(C) suggest
(D) investigate
141. (A) successful
142. (A) Fees vary based on each company's
usage requirements.
MEMM
(B) successfully
(C) succeed
(D) success
(B) Our database contains many similar
positions.
(C) We recommend that you personalize
your messages.
(D) We are excited to welcome you to the
area.
Questions 143-146 refer to the following information.
Medical and Research Space for Lease
Etoile Centre, in the city of Brussels, is an outstanding place to work. Its ideal location
143. on-sile staff unbeatable access to public parks and local amenities. Etoile Centre's campus
is also in close proximity to top medical and academic institutions. Consequently, tenants report
how easy it is to nurture collaborations with leading--- who live and work in the area. 144.
,Etoile Centre's campus itself offers access to large conference rooms, several cafés, and 145.
two cafeterias. While Etoile Centre's North Tower is currently fully occupied, much of the
soon-to-be-opened South Tower is still available. --- 146.
143. (A) affords
(B) afforded
144.
(C) had to afford
(D) would be affording
(A) retailers
(B) scientists
(C) designers
(D) chefs
145. (A) In contrast
(B) As a result
(C) On one hand
(D) In addition
EMM
146. (A) However, hiring is down compared with
last year.
(B) Some companies are investing instead in
the local economy.
(C) Time is running out for these firms to join
the program.
(D) Construction is expected to finish in
early October.
PART 7
Directions: In this part you will read a selection of texts, such as magazine and newspaper articles,
e-mails, and instant messages. Each text or set of texts is followed by several questions. Select the
best answer for each question and mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
Questions 147-148 refer to the following advertisement.
CALLA DANCE STUDIO IS NOW OPEN!
Come to our beautiful, spacious studio in Hopkins Bay for our grand opening on
Saturday, March 5, and Sunday, March 6, from noon to 5:00 P.M.
During the celebration, you can
mingle and chat with our highly trained instructors;
⚫ enjoy fun, free, easygoing dance classes; and
receive a 10 percent discount on one of our dance lesson packages.
We believe that everyone can benefit from dancing, so whether you are a beginner or
an expert, we have a class for you!
Visit us online at www.calladancestudio.com for class descriptions, instructor profiles,
directions to the studio, and more.
147. What is NOT listed as something visitors
can do during the celebration?
(A) They can meet dance instructors.
(B) They can take a dance class.
(C) They can get a discount.
(D) They can purchase gift cards.
148. What is true about Calla Dance Studio?
(A) It has locations in multiple cities.
(B) It provides certification for dance
instructors.
(C) It offers classes for a range of
experience levels.
(D) Its grand opening will be held on
a single day.
Questions 149-151 refer to the following information.
Travel with Confidence-the Simple Trip Way!
Does your travel plan include taking one or more flights? Save time and avoid
inconvenience with Simple Trip. Recommended by leading companies in the travel industry, the award-winning Simple Trip application allows Web check-in at the
airport and keeps you up-to-date regarding local weather conditions and any changes
to departure and arrival times. -[1]-
Download Simple Trip from any app store onto your mobile phone. - [2]-. Simple
Trip is completely secure, with multiple layers of encryption to keep your personal
information hidden from hackers. Once your documentation has been successfully
loaded into the app, Simple Trip provides you with digital passes that can be scanned
at security checkpoints, check-in kiosks, and boarding gates. -[3]-
Bypass the ticket counter and check in to your flight through the app. Stay
up-to-date with the latest entry requirements at your our destination. - [4] Make
your journey a breeze with Simple Trip!
149. What is suggested about the Simple Trip
application?
(A) An update for the app will be released
soon.
(B) It is focused on air travel.
(C) It provides information only for major
airports.
(D) Travel experts developed it.
150. What is a benefit of using Simple Trip?
(A) Secure user information
(B) Airline seating upgrades
(C) Discounts on airline fares
151. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?
"It will guide you through the steps to set up
and personalize your account."
(A) [1]
(B) [2]
(C) [3]
(D) [4]
(D) Complimentary checked bagsVEBSITE
Questions 152-153 refer to the following text-message chain.
Ω
Manuel Cabrera [9:18 A.M.]
Hello, Sara. Our client Mr. Forsyth is changing his mind about the color scheme for
his kitchen. Can you send me the photos from the Maroney project we completed
last autumn?
Sara Baird [9:20 A.M.]
Sure. Do you want me to send just the kitchen pictures?
Manuel Cabrera [9:21 A.M.]
Send those of the kitchen and living room, please.
Sara Baird [9:22 A.М.]
They are on their way. I have also included pictures of the Thackers' kitchen from a
couple of years ago. We created a similar style for them.
Manuel Cabrera [9:23 A.M.]
Good thinking. Thank you!
152. In what type of business do the writers most
likely work?
(A) Interior decorating
(B) Fine dining
(C) Photography
(D) Appliance sales
153. At 9:23 A.M., what does Mr. Cabrera most
likely mean when he writes, "Good thinking"?
(A) He expects that the additional pictures
Ms. Baird sent will be helpful.
(B) He is certain that the client willlike the
new color scheme.
(C) He is impressed with the work Ms. Baird
did on the Maroney project.
(D) He remembers how much the Thackers
liked their kitchen.
Questions 154-155 refer to the following notice.
Please Note
The views expressed by the speakers shown in this documentary film are their own
and do not necessarily reflect the opinions of the filmmakers. The filmmakers' goal
was to present the topic from diverse points of view. The inclusion of the speakers
does not constitute an endorsement of their perspectives, nor does it imply the
filmmakers' support for any organization that those speakers may represent.
154. What is the purpose of the notice?
(A) To generate enthusiasm for an
upcoming film
(B) To express support for a charitable
organization
(C) To apologize for some factual errors
(D) To discourage assumptions about the
filmmakers
155. What does the notice suggest about the
speakers in the film?
(A) They are members of the same
organization.
(B) They will participate in follow-up
interviews.
(C) They were all paid the same fee by the
filmmakers.
(D) They expressed different opinions
about a topic.
Questions 156-158 refer to the following article.
Centre Touts New Adventure
TORONTO (28 May)-The trustees of
Toronto's Earth and Space Centre announced
the opening of an exciting new educational
film. The two-hour immersive experience
called Out of This World explains through live
footage, interviews, and first-rate animation
what the next outer-space missions might
involve with respect to both vehicles and
people.
Out of This World will be presented on the
Envelop system, which has been installed in
the theatre and is now undergoing testing and
fine-tuning. The system promises to delight
the senses, not only through vivid visuals but
also through superb, lifelike sound projected
to the listeners from all sides.
Single-ticket prices for adults and special rates
for youngsters, families, and school groups
will be announced soon. The anticipated
public debut for the programme is 1 July.
156. What is indicated about Out of This World?
(A) It requires a tour guide.
(B) It includes animated video.
(C) It will run for only one month.
(D) It is open only to school groups.
157. The word "projected" in paragraph 2, line 6,
is closest in meaning to
(A) planned
(B) proposed
(C) calculated
(D) transmitted
158. What is mentioned about the Envelop
system?
(A) It was expensive to build.
(B) It is used to record videos.
(C) It will be operational by July 1.
(D) It is currently being shipped to Toronto.
Questions 159-160 refer to the following e-mail.
To: Hailey Hua <hailey.hua@xmail.com>
Middlesex Hair <customersupport@middlesexhair.com>
March 23
From:
Date:
Subject: Come back to us
Dear Ms. Hua,
We have not seen you in a long time, and we miss you! If you book an appointment
within the next two weeks, you will receive a 20 percent discount on all services. In
addition, if you book a haircut for a family member on the same day as your visit, their
haircut will be free. That's right-a free haircut for your family member! We want to be
more than just your salon-we want to be the one-stop hair-care location for your entire
family.
Please visit www.middlesexhair.com to read about our stylists and services. You can also
book your appointment and your family member's free haircut on our Web site or call us
directly at 555-0127 if you have any questions.
Sincerely,
Your Friends at Middlesex Hair
159. How can Ms. Hua receive a 20 percent
discount at Middlesex Hair?
(A) By presenting a coupon
(B) By referring new customers
(C) By booking more than one service
(D) By making an appointment within
two weeks
160. What does the e-mail indicate that a
member of Ms. Hua's family can receive?
(A) A photo posted on the salon's Web site
(B) The same offer as Ms. Hua's
(C) A haircut at no charge
(D) A tour of a new location
Questions 161-163 refer to the following article.
Rapido Airline Coming Soon to
Encino Pass
ENCINO PASS (March 11)-Encino Pass
Airport officials have announced that Rapido
Airline will begin offering flights in and out
of Encino Pass this summer. Rapido joins
Gamma Air and Southern Skylines in
serving the regional airport.
As the city of Encino Pass has grown in
recent years, Encino Pass Airport has seen
increased air traffic, despite being the
smallest airport in the state. With flights to
Encino Pass regularly booked to capacity,
travelers often had to use other regional
airports. The Encino Pass Airport and the
city council have both been working to
attract more airlines to the area to better
accommodate the increase in the number of
travelers.
"Rapido Airline was our top choice as an
expansion airline," said Encino Pass Mayor
Chris Donovan. "It is known for offering
low fares, maintaining on-time schedules,
and surpassing safety inspections. We're
pleased that it has decided to join us here in
Encino Pass. This addition will expand
options and make air travel more convenient
for residents and visitors alike."
The city and airport are also in talks to
provide shuttle bus service between the
airport and surrounding parking facilities,
refurbish the rental car booths, and add
another terminal to the airport. The
negotiations are part of the city's long-term
plan to increase tourism in the area.
Rapido Airline's flights between Encino
Pass and Summerset begin on July 9, with
more routes to be added later in the month.
161. Why are more airlines being sought to
service the Encino Pass Airport?
(A) To offer lower-priced flights in the
region
(B) To respond to complaints from
neighboring airports
(C) To carry cargo on behalf of shipping
companies
(D) To improve air travel to and from
Encino Pass
162. What is suggested about Rapido Airline?
(A) It has lost business to other airlines.
163. What is NOT mentioned as part of the city's
plan to increase tourism in the area?
(A) Providing discounted parking
(B) Offering shuttle bus service
(C) Building a new terminal
(D) Improving car rental booths
(B) It offers more flights than other airlines.
(C) It has a reputation for prioritizing safety.
(D) It is used primarily by business
travelers.
Questions 164-167 refer to the following text-message chain.
Casey Willard (7:43 A.M.)
Can either of you come in to work this morning? We have
a huge order to fill, and two of the forklift drivers
scheduled for today have called in sick. So, we only have
one working. One or two more would be really helpful.
The shipping clerks can't get the products out fast
enough.
Kazuko Yoneda (7:46 A.М.)
Sorry, I wish I could, but I have other commitments
today. Maybe try Claudia Kwon? She is usually very flexible.
Casey Willard (7:47 A.M.)
She has the weekend off and went to Ford Harbor to visit
her family. It's too bad because she always appreciates an
opportunity to earn overtime pay.
Lucas Suarez (7:51 A.M.)
I'm busy until about 10 A.M., but I could come in after
that.
Casey Willard (7:52 A.M.)
Thank you, Lucas. We need all the help we can get! If the
order is not on the truck by 6 tonight, it won't go out for
delivery until Monday.
Lucas Suarez (7:54 A.M.)
Got it. I'll be there as soon as I can.
(A) Some workers are unexpectedly
absent.
164. Why did Ms. Willard text her colleagues? 166. What must happen by 6:00 Р.м.?
(A) A truck must be loaded.
(B) An employee must go home.
(B) Shipping clerks are working ahead of
schedule.
(C) A payment must be received.
(C) Two of the company's forklifts are
having mechanical difficulties.
(D) Too few forklift drivers were scheduled
to work.
165. What does Ms. Yoneda suggest that
Ms. Willard do?
(A) Work longer hours
(B) Offer additional pay
(C) Contact another employee
(D) Bring in temporary workers
(D) A customer must confirm an order.
167. At 7:54 A.M., what does Mr. Suarez most
likely mean when he writes, "Got it"?
(A) He will cancel an order.
(B) He understands a situation.
(C) He knows how to reach Ms. Kwon.
(D) He has received the key to a truck.
Questions 168-171 refer to the following article.
Yum and Walk Food Tours
Adding a New Destination
COLLEGE STATION (May 15)-On
June 2, Yum and Walk Food Tours will add
College Station to its statewide list of
culinary destinations.
"College Station has been overlooked as
a culinary destination for too long," said
tour-company owner Ed Lopez. A former
chef, Lopez also once worked as a journalist
and wrote about cuisine for the Texas
Beacon.
Yum and Walk Food Tours offers
outings in nine other cities in Texas and
brings visitors to restaurants, bakeries, and
specialty stores to sample both sweet and
savory treats. Visitors walk through the city
with an experienced guide, who also shares
information about cach ncighborhood's
history. Mr. Lopez himself will serve as the
tour guide in College Station, his home
before working in San Antonio and then
returning to the area.
"From the beginning, my goal has been
to help people discover great food," said
Mr. Lopez.
The local itinerary includes five stops in
a three-hour time span-Giuseppina's
Trattoria, Yucatan Plate, Kerala Kebabs,
Spice Rub Stop, and Delicious Doughnuts.
Customers can schedule private tours if they
have any specific dietary preferences or
requirements.
Local officials are excited about the tour
company's move into the area.
"We're thrilled to have Yum and Walk
Food Tours add us to their list of
destinations," said College Station Mayor
Maria Garcia. "Their presence is sure to
have a positive impact on our area's dining
establishments."
Tickets are $50 each. The ten-week
touring season begins on July 2 and lasts
until September 3. Tours take place on
Sundays from 1 P.M. to 4 P.M.
168. Why most likely did Mr. Lopez start Yum
and Walk Food Tours?
(A) To take advantage of his experience
leading tours
(B) To share his love of food with people
(C) To provide advertising opportunities for
local restaurants
(D) To allow himself to work closer to home
169. What is NOT indicated about the Yum and
Walk Food Tour in College Station?
(A) It will last for three hours.
(B) It will be led by Mr. Lopez.
(C) It will be advertised in the Texas
Beacon.
(D) It will bring visitors to five restaurants.
170. What is indicated about private tours?
(A) They cost extra to attend.
(B) They are not available in all cities.
(C) They must be scheduled at least ten
weeks in advancе.
(D) They can be arranged for people who
avoid certain foods.
171. What is true about Ms. Garcia?
(A) She thinks the tours will be good for
local businesses.
(B) She owns the Spice Rub Stop.
(C) She has participated in the food tour.
(D) She is from San Antonio.
Questions 172-175 refer to the following e-mail.
To: All employees
From: Janice Capaldi
Date: October 23
Subject: Guests
Good afternoon, everyone,
We will soon host a group of employees from Seongnam Electronics. - [1] —. They will
arrive on November 10 and be with us for a week to observe our research and production
methods. We encourage everyone to interact with the visitors while they are here.
-[2]-.
The executives in the group are leaders in the field of electronics development and
manufacturing. Dr. Sung-Hye Kim leads Research and Development. Her individual
contributions have focused on how magnetic fields influence the efficiency of components
within electrical devices. She has also been called on by other physicists and professors to
write and edit texts that explain electromagnetic phenomena. Dr. Kim's work is influential
throughout the international electronics industry. Also, Jin-Woong Lee, chief production
officer at Seongnam Electronics, heads the team that designed the manufacturing processes
at the plant near Seoul. — [3] -. The award-winning techniques developed by Mr. Lee's
team assure both cost-effectiveness and quality.
On the afternoon of November 10, we will hold a reception in the conference room on
third floor to welcome our guests. Specifics will be sent to the entire staff in an e-mail
from Stewart Lark, who is serving as the event's coordinator. -[4] -. Please plan on
attending. Contact Mr. Lark and me with any questions you may have.
Thank you,
Janice Capaldi, Director of Operations, Dolesley Electronics, Inc.
172. What is suggested about Dr. Kim?
(A) She is a physicist.
(B) She usually works alone.
(C) She lectures at a university.
E
(D) She launched Seongnam Electronics.
173. What is Mr. Lee responsible for?
(A) Negotiating sales deals
(B) Choosing marketing strategies
(C) Establishing a product assembly
process
(D) Managing a human resources
department
174. What new information about the reception
will Mr. Lark most likely include in his
e-mail?
(A) A purpose
(B) The date
(C) A location
(D) The time
the
175. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?
"Please share your work processes with
them and answer any of their questions."
(A) [1]
(B) [2] (C) [3]
(D) [4]
Questions 176-180 refer to the following e-mail and policy.
*E-mail*
From: efechan @rossfieldhotels.ie
To: customerservice@parleganispublishing.com
Date: 15 December
Sent: Course books
Dear Customer Service Representative:
In October my company ordered 60 paperback copies of the Food Safety Course Book
for our employees so they could study for their mandatory food safety certification. I
just learned from one of our managers that you offer this course book in languages other
than English. May I send back twenty of the English language versions and get ten
Polish and ten Portuguese books instead? Some of our new employees said they would
really appreciate being able to read the crucial information in their first language.
The books I wish to return are still in their original packaging. I can have them boxed
and shipped quickly, but I will wait for your acknowledgement and instructions
regarding paperwork.
Sincerely, EMMOREAD Ella Feehan
Food Services Director
Rossfield Hotels Ltd.
Parleganis Publishing
Returns and Exchanges Policy
We accept products under the following conditions.
• Unmarked, unused materials may be returned or exchanged within 90 days of
purchase.
• Items returned or exchanged more than 30 days after purchase are subject to a
restocking fee equal to 20% of the cover price.
• Paperback books come in plastic-wrapped bundles of ten. Unopened bundles may
be returned for full credit. Individual paperback books will receive partial credit.
Software products and subscription fees are not refundable.
No credit will be issued for damaged or out-of-print books.
176. Why did Ms. Feehan write to Parleganis
Publishing?
(A) She offered feedback on a publication.
(B) She would like to exchange some
training materials.
(C) She received an incorrect shipment.
(D) She needs to return some damaged
books.
177. What is indicated about Rossfield Hotels
Ltd.?
(A) Some of its workers must earn
certificates.
(B) It recently hired a food services
manager.
(C) It advertises in several European
countries.
(D) Some of its guests come from Poland
and Portugal.
178. In the e-mail, the word "original" in
paragraph 2, line 1, is closest in meaning to
179. What will Rossfield Hotels Ltd. most likely
pay in December?
(A) A restocking fee
(B) A subscription fee
(C) A past-due invoice
(D) A refund for unused services
180. What is stated about the Food Safety
Course Book?
(A) It is available in electronic format.
(B) It was published in October.
(C) It will soon be out of print.
(D) It is sold in packs of ten.
(A) odd
(B) initial
(C)
(D)

 creative
ancient
Questions 181-185 refer to the following online review and menu.
Review: Pizza in Bobbingworth
★★★★☆
Submitted by: Gerard Landis
There is a new pizza restaurant in town called Maple Pizza House. Not to my surprise,
it offers a number of signature pizzas with maple flavoring, including dessert pizzas.
While I personally did not like the maple-flavored pizza at all, the rest of my party
enjoyed a large maple-ham pizza as a main course. The others in my group also
devoured the maple-walnut dessert pizza, which, to me, tasted like an overly sweet,
sticky pie.
Fortunately for me, the menu includes some pizzas that do not have maple flavoring.
I ordered a traditional cheese pizza. It was served piping hot and was delicious.
Because there were tasty menu options that pleased everyone, I rate the Maple Pizza
House 4 stars out of 5, and I would recommend visiting.
Maple Pizza House
83 Fox Lane, Bobbingworth, CM2 9B
077 5014 0314
We now accept credit cards.
Signature Maple Pizzas (with red sauce) Personal Large
Chicken maple £4.5 £15
Maple ham £5 £17
Pineapple £4 £14
Traditional Pizzas (select red or white sauce)
Cheese £4 £13
Vegetable £4 £13
Meatball £4 £13
Dessert Pizzas (with brown butter sauce)
Cinnamon maple £11
Maple walnut £11
ALL BEVERAGES: £2
181. What does Mr. Landis think about the
restaurant's menu?
(A) There are too few vegetarian options.
(B) He preferred the restaurant's previous
menu.
(C) The dessert pizzas are too expensive.
(D) He does not care for the taste of the
signature pizzas.
182. In the review, the word "sweet" in
paragraph 1, line 5, is closest in meaning to
(A) moderate
(B) pleasing
(C) sugary
(D) dear
183. How much was the pizza that Mr. Landis'
group ordered for their main course?
184. Which pizza is available with a white
sauce?
(A) Maple ham
(B) Pineapple
(C) Meatball
(D) Cinnamon maple
185. What is suggested about the restaurant?
(A) It prepares dessert pizza in only one
size.
(B) It accepts payments in cash only.
(C) It makes home deliveries.
(D) It has moved to a larger location.
(A) £5
(B) £11
(C) £13
(D) £17
Questions 186-190 refer to the tollowing Web page, contact form, and e-mail.
https://www.northamcarparts.co.uk/home
Home Catalogue Contact Form About Us
We Have the Parts You Need
Northam Car Parts is a leading seller of rare and hard-to-find car parts. We have a
huge selection of car transmissions, body and frame parts, and steering-repair kits, just to name a few. Check out our online catalogue page for a detailed list of parts
currently available in our warehouse. We specialise in vintage European cars, but
we have plenty of parts for American-made and Japanese-made vehicles. If you do
not see what you need in our catalogue, please fill out a contact form-we can
help you find the part you need! Please note that our response time is now two to
four business days because of a rise in the number of requests we receive.
Parts can be delivered to any address within the United Kingdom, France, Belgium,
or Spain.
Northam Car Parts Contact Form
Contact Information Vehicle Information
Name: Gerald Aldegunde Manufacturer: Exceller
E-mail: carmanga55@saffronmail.de Model: Dragonfire
Phone: +52 (164) 5559183 Year: 1988
Address: Kanalstrasse 60
01067 Dresden, Germany
Transmission: Manual
Date: 6 August Drive: 2WD
Message:
I've been looking for a part for a transmission in a 1988 Exceller
Dragonfire I purchased last year. I have been unable to find this part, so
a friend who found a new steering wheel through your company
recommended that I contact you. I was wondering how much you
would charge for locating a vintage British car part like this. Also, I
noticed that Germany is not listed on your Web site as a shipping
destination. Do you ever ship to areas other than the countries that are
currently listed there? Thanks for your help! Working on this car has
been a great experience, but I'm eager to get this thing on the road!
To:
From:
Date:
Subject:
Gerald Aldegunde <carmanga55@saffronmail.de>
Bethany Turnhout <bturnhout@northamcarparts.co.uk>
28 August
Shipping notification
Dear Mr. Aldegunde:
Your item will arrive on 30 August, no later than 8:00 P.M., at the following address:
Kanalstrasse 60, 01067 Dresden, Germany. It will be arriving via the IHE insured delivery
service, so you or a designated representative must be present to accept and sign for the
package. IHE will contact you in advance of the driver's arrival. Please make sure that the
path from the street to your door is clear of obstructions so the driver can have free
access.
Thank you for choosing Northam Car Parts to help find your part!
Bethany Turnhout
Sales Representative, Northam Car Parts
186. According to the Web page, what has
changed recently at Northam Car Parts?
(A) The hours of operation
(B) The number of customer inquiries
(C) The amount of warehouse space
(D) The availability of Japanese car parts
187. What is indicated about Mr. Aldegunde on
the contact form?
(A) He is eager to finish rebuilding his car.
(B) He needs a new steering wheel.
(C) He has owned his car for many years.
(D) He has a friend who works for Northam
Car Parts.
188. What is most likely true about the part that
Mr. Aldegunde needs?
(A) It was manufactured in Germany.
(B) It will take four business days to ship.
(C) It is too large to transport internationally.
(D) It is not included in Northam Car Parts'
catalog.
189. According to the e-mail, what service does
IHE provide?
(A) It sells car insurance.
(B) It repairs vintage cars.
(C) It transports packages.
(D) It cleans streets.
190. What can be concluded about Northam Car
Parts?
(A) It was recently purchased by Ms. Turnhout.
(B) It maintains warehouses in several
countries.
(C) It ships to countries that are not listed
on its Web page.
(D) It does not respond to customer
inquiries after 8:00 P.м.
Questions 191-195 refer to the tollowing press release, Web page, and text message.
RHC Continues to Impress
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Contact: Dora Su, +65 0555 1294
SINGAPORE (3 August)-In operation
for five years, Rayder Holdings
Corporation (RHC) is announcing the
completion of its sixth renovation project,
Bay Commons. The company, founded by
real estate agents Rayna Wong and
Derrick Lim, specializes in converting
industrial buildings into apartment
complexes.
"Turning commercial buildings into
residential spaces has its challenges,"
Ms. Wong said. "However, we are
committed to repurposing buildings
instead of constructing new ones."
This commitment was recently cited in a
speech by Yamina Badawi, Singapore's
minister of Housing and Urban
Development, who applauded RHC's
contribution to the nation's housing
supply.
RHC completed its first conversion
project four years ago-the Kallang
Overlook apartment complex. Since then,
RHC has completed five more projects:
Asten Estates, Tampines Tower, Lakeside
Manor, Yishun Terrace, and now Bay
Commons.
"Bay Commons represents a departure
from our previous projects." Ms. Wong
noted. "This housing complex is designed
primarily for students at the nearby
Changi Technological Institute."
Units at Bay Commons are now available
for rent or purchase, she added.
https://www.rayderholdingscorporation.com.sg/current-listings
About Us Current Listings News Careers
Rayder Holdings Corporation turns vacant commercial properties into pleasant residential
buildings. Below are our current offerings in alphabetical order.
Asten Estates: 14-unit building with pool, fitness centre, and car park
Bay Commons: 60 studio apartments with shared kitchen areas and other common rooms
Kallang Overlook: 40-unit apartment complex situated on the Kallang River
Lakeside Manor: 28-unit building with indoor pool, outdoor tennis and basketball courts,
playground, and on-site cafeteria
Tampines Tower: 36-unit apartment complex with pool and fitness room
Yishun Terrace: 55-unit apartment complex with outdoor sports facilities (tennis, basketball,
football), indoor swimming pool, catch-and-release fishing pond, and picnic area
For details and other queries, contact info@rayderholdingscorporation.com.sg.
Today 9:53 А.M.
Hello, Mr. Goh. A fellow
resident found your wallet
on the cafeteria counter
and dropped it off here at
the RHC leasing office.
Please stop by to pick it up.
We are open until 6:00 P.M.
For after-hours service, call
0904 6802, and someone
will assist you.
Alicia Rajani, Office Manager
191. According to the press release, what is true
about RHC?
(A) It has an international presence.
(B) It specializes in designing work spaces.
(C) It was founded by two construction
engineers.
(D) It has been in business for five years.
192. What does the press release suggest about
Ms. Badawi?
(A) She appreciates RHC's approach to
expanding housing.
(B) She owns a unit at one of RHC's
properties.
(C) She advises students at Changi
Technological Institute.
(D) She has hired Mr. Lim to be one of her
advisers.
193. How many units does the first housing
complex built by RHC have?
(A) 14
(B) 28
(C) 40
194. Why did Ms. Rajani send a text message to
Mr. Goh?
(A) To introduce him to a new neighbor
(B) To notify him that his wallet was found
(C) To respond to his request for information
(D) To provide the leasing office's hours of
operation
195. Where does Mr. Goh most likely live?
(A) At Asten Estates
(B) At Lakeside Manor
(C) At Tampines Tower
(D) At Yishun Terrace
(D) 60
Questions 196-200 refer to the tollowing Web page, text-message chain, and online review.
https://www.camsfurniture.ca/about_us
About Us Catalogue ReviewS Contact Us
Cam's Furniture has been a fixture in Ottawa for more than 50 years. With our
focus on exceptional customer service, we guarantee that your time in our store will
be both pleasant and worthwhile!
Our daily business operations are overseen by George Meara, the eldest son of
founder Cam Meara. George is joined by his sister, Elise Meara, and an
enthusiastic team of sales associates who will help you choose the best furniture
for your needs. Our enormous showroom features a broad selection of high-quality
furniture arranged in different types of residential rooms and office spaces. And,
along with all the top brands of furniture, we are proud to carry unique and
environmentally friendly items sourced from the Green Directions Trade Fair. Our
head buyer, Debbie Sarno, attends this event annually to choose fantastic new
products for our store.
We offer complimentary delivery and setup for all customers whose home or
business is within the boundaries of the city of Ottawa.
Linda Fei (1:57 P.М.)
Toby, I'm at Cam's Furniture. The items you chose for our
reception area look great! The salesperson told me the bill
is going to be a little more than expected because there
will be a charge for delivery and setup. The crew can
come out to our office on Friday, so we'll definitely be able
to have everything in place before our clients arrive on
Monday.
Toby Pesenti (1:59 P.M.)
Great! The slightly higher cost shouldn't be a problem. We
have enough in our budget.
Online Reviews
Customer review posted by Linda Fei on 23 July at 5:32 P.M.
The staff at Cam's Furniture is extraordinarily helpful and professional. I was pleased
that we could get eco-friendly pieces for our company's reception area. The furniture is
beautiful-we've been receiving many compliments. Cam's delivery team spent extra
time at our new office space to make sure that the furniture was arranged in exactly the
right way. We look forward to shopping at Cam's again!
A
미
196. What does the Web page indicate about
Cam's Furniture?
(A) It is currently hiring new staff.
(B) It has two store locations.
(C) It is a family business.
(D) It specializes in used furniture.
197. In her text message, what does Ms. Fei
mention will happen on Monday?
(A) Some furniture will be delivered.
(B) Some clients will visit.
(C) A bill will be paid in full.
(D) A reception area will be closed for
remodeling.
198. What is suggested about Ms. Fei's
company?
(A) It raised its prices.
(B) It is located outside Ottawa.
(C) It is an interior design firm.
199. What can be concluded about the new
furniture purchased by Ms. Fei's company?
(A) It was sourced by Ms. Sarno.
(B) It comes with a money-back guarantee.
(C) It can be used indoors or outdoors.
(D) It was purchased from Ms. Fei.
200. In the online review, what does Ms. Fei
indicate about the members of the delivery
team?
(A) They used custom-made equipment.
(B) They arranged the new furniture
incorrectly.
(C) They offered to haul away the old
furniture.
(D) They stayed for longer than expected.
VEBSITE
(D) It recently merged with another
organization.
เฉลยข
อถ
เว
บไซต

ให้เลื

อนลงไป เลือกชุดที

ต้องการดูเช่น ชุดเทาเทา
จะเจอหน้านี

กดเลือกเลย
ว่
าจะชุดเล่ม
ไหน
เทา เล่ม 4
ดูที

หน้านี

เลื

อนลงมาเรื

อยๆ เจอ
แน่นอนงับบ
ยด
ยดจะต
องด
ในแอพครบ
IOS จะแยกพารท
อ่าน พารท
อันนี

จะเป็
นแอพของ Android จะรวม
พารท
อ่าน พารท
์ ฟังในแอพเดียวกัน
ทําข้อสอบในแอพได้เลย
แบ่งทําควิ
ซ ทําควิ
ซแยกพารท
ที

ไม่
ถนัดได้
าตอบได้- มีสรุปคํ
าศัพท
ครังที

ทําข้อสอบ
วอย
าง Feature ในแอพ
ทําข้อสอบในแอพได้เลย
แบ่งทําควิ
ซ ทําควิ
ซแยก
พารท
ที

ไม่ถนัดได้
คํ
าศัพท
เฉลยไว้
อ่านต่อ
ปล Audio ไฟล
ได้ด้วยนะ
วอย
าง Feature ในแอพ
มีบันทึกคะแนนที

ทํา คํ
านวณ
คะแนนให้ด้วยนะ
มีคํ
าศัพท
์ให้ด้วย
มีให้ฝึกทํา CBT ในแอพ
All and New
TOEIC
เฉลยข
อถ
เว
บไซต

ให้เลื

อนลงไป เลือกชุดที

ต้องการดูเช่น ชุดเทาเทา
จะเจอหน้านี

กดเลือกเลย
ว่
าจะชุดเล่ม
ไหน
เทา เล่ม 4
ดูที

หน้านี

เลื

อนลงมาเรื

อยๆ เจอ
แน่นอนงับบ
ยด
ยดจะต
องด
ในแอพครบ
IOS จะแยกพารท
อ่าน พารท
อันนี

จะเป็
นแอพของ Android จะรวม
พารท
อ่าน พารท
์ ฟังในแอพเดียวกัน
ทําข้อสอบในแอพได้เลย
แบ่งทําควิ
ซ ทําควิ
ซแยกพารท
ที

ไม่
ถนัดได้
าตอบได้- มีสรุปคํ
าศัพท
ครังที

ทําข้อสอบ
วอย
าง Feature ในแอพ
ทําข้อสอบในแอพได้เลย
แบ่งทําควิ
ซ ทําควิ
ซแยก
พารท
ที

ไม่ถนัดได้
คํ
าศัพท
เฉลยไว้
อ่านต่อ
ปล Audio ไฟล
ได้ด้วยนะ
วอย
าง Feature ในแอพ
มีบันทึกคะแนนที

ทํา คํ
านวณ
คะแนนให้ด้วยนะ
มีคํ
าศัพท
์ให้ด้วย
มีให้ฝึกทํา CBT ในแอพ

READING TEST
In the Reading test, you will read a variety of texts and answer several different types of reading
comprehension questions. The entire Reading test will last 75 minutes. There are three parts, and
directions are given for each part. You are encouraged to answer as many questions as possible within
the time allowed.
You must mark your answers on the separate answer sheet. Do not write your answers in your test
book.
PART 5
Directions: A word or phrase is missing in each of the sentences below. Four answer choices are
given below each sentence. Select the best answer to complete the sentence. Then mark the letter
(A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
101. Edison Delivery's trucks leave the
warehouse promptly------- 6:00 A.M. each
morning.
105. The Highland Museum of Robotics will be
(A) at
(B) on
(C)
(D)

for
with
102. A------ copy of the rental agreement for the
apartment has been delivered to the main
office.
103.
(A) signature
(B) sign
(C) signs
(D) signed
------- can be made online or by calling
customer service between 6:30 A.м. and
5:30 р.м.
(A) Reserve
(B) Reserved
(C) Reservations
(D) Reservable
104. Ms. Shimabukuro rose through the ranks
------- and became the manager in less than
two years.
(A) quick
(B) quicken
(C) quickly
(D) quickening
------- for renovations until further notice.
(A) bought
(B) closed
(C) stopped
(D) held
106. The Hollytown Arena designates an area
where fans can meet their ------- athletes
after each game.
(A) favorite
(B) favoritism
(C) favorites
(D) favoring
107. Billboards that advertise legal services are
most effective when placed ------- business
districts.
(A) from
(B) down
(C) of
(D) in
108. Ms. Ueda was quite ------- with the wholesale
prices offered by Rea's International
Restaurant Suppliers.
(A) advised
(B) true
(C) pleased
(D) strong
109. Geology Monthly is a professional journal
with articles written ------- for experts in the
field.
(A) specify
(B) had specified
(C) specifics
(D) specifically
110. ------- the year-end sale at Arthur's Camping
Supplies, all winter items are discounted by
25 percent.
(A) During
(B) Although
(C) As long as
(D) In addition
111. In the ------future, a hardware store will
open on the corner of Oak Boulevard and
Primrose Avenue.
(A) nears
(B) nearly
(C) nearness
(D) near
112. Mr. Careni requested that------- from the
technical support team come immediately
to the Harrisburg office.
(A) who
(B) someone
(C) which
(D) themselves
115. ------- theater at Landon Cinema is decorated
with a different theme.
116.
(A) Even
(B) Much
(C) Each
(D) All
Changes to course content have been
halted ------- the Salinas Academy transitions
to a new online platform.
(A) while
(B) though
(C) regarding
(D) whether
117. Bricktown Mayor Julian Trent will -------help
plant flowers in Evans Park this weekend.
(A) personal
(B) personalize
(C) personally
(D) personality
118. Please replace pages 28 to 35 in the
employee handbook with the ------ pages.
WEE
113. The time-entry system was------
unavailable this afternoon, but it is
functioning normally now.
(A) directly
(B) urgently
(C) precisely
(D) briefly
114. The upcoming career fair ------- by more
than 100 employers and job-recruiting
agencies.
(A) attend
(B) were attended
(C) was attending
(D) will be attended
(A) careful
(B) updated
(C) consistent
(D) sizable
------- we increased our Internet speed,
can download large documents much
faster.
(A) Since
(B) Provided
(C) Yet
(D) Instead
we
120. The lead graphic artist decides which
photographs submitted by freelancers -------
to the creative director.
(A) are sending
(B) sender
(C) should be sent
(D) send
121.------- you visit the Star Hotel, the cheerful
staff makes you feel welcom.
(A) Whenever
(B) Whichever
(C) Nevertheless
(D) Altogether
122. Ms. Matlou considered a legal career
before ------- deciding to go to business
school.
(A) strictly
(B) politely
(C) ultimately
(D) slightly
123. Patrons of the festival enjoying picnic
lunches on the concert hall's lawn is a -------
dating back almost a century.
(A) traditional
(B) tradition
(C) traditionalist
(D) traditions
124. Many people ------- their online shopping
carts when they discover what the shipping
charge will be.
(A) eject
(B) abandon
(C) resign
(D) discourage
126.------- interested in learning more about
Shana Fabian's sculptures should attend
her talk at Deana Gallery on May 2.
(A) Enough
(B) Whoever
(C) Each other
(D) Those
127. The merger between the Oznaze and
Tellurisq companies was ------- settled
following months of tough negotiations.
(A) exactly
(B) instantly
(C) finally
(D) easily
128. Auto parts are shipped ------- two to three
days unless the customer requests
expedited delivery.
(A) within
(B) here
(C) afterward
(D) perhaps
129. The interior designer selected some very
------- colors for the lobby walls.
125. The state's tourism Web site WERS provides
information on many of the area's popular
(A) situations
(B) appeals
(C) demands
(D) attractions
(A) massive
(B) intense
(C) direct
(D) sudden
Experts recommend that the cooling system
be checked by a service technician at
regular -------.
(A) expanses
(B) intervals
(C) classifications
(D) detachments
PART 6
Directions: Read the texts that follow. A word, phrase, or sentence is missing in parts of each text.
Four answer choices for each question are given below the text. Select the best answer to complete
the text. Then mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
Questions 131-134 refer to the following e-mail.
To: Roger Wall <rogerwall@openemail.com>
From: Guillermo Torres <gtorres@supplyflow.com>
Date: May 2
Subject: RE: Missing delivery
Dear Mr. Wall,
This is in response to your ------- e-mail notifying us that you did not receive your April shipment 131.
of office supplies. We verified that your annual subscription is up-to-date and that everything is in
order on your side. This error is, therefore, an oversight on-part. We have transitioned to 132.
new shipping software, and some customer information was not transferred correctly. Rest
assured that this has been fixed and that the error will not------- again. 133.
We sent your box of office supplies today using an overnight shipping service. . Inside the 134.
box, you will also find a complimentary token of appreciation for your patience.
If you have further questions or concerns, do not hesitate to contact me directly.
Sincerely,
Guillermo Torres, Customer Assistant, Supply Flow, Inc.
131. (A) constant
(B) nearby
(C) early
(D) recent
132. (A) either
(B) its
(C) our
(D) their
133. (A) combine
(B) revise
(C) affect
(D) occur
134. (A) You should receive it tomorrow.
(B) This order will take longer than usual
to process.
(C) The box is very heavy.
(D) Please review the invoice attached to
this e-mail.
Questions 135-138 refer to the following memo.
To: Marketing Department, Tavola Foods Distributors
From: Victor Cotillo
Date: March 4
Subject: Information
Please look at the proposed survey that was just added to our team folder. The first section asks
to rate their favorite vegetables. We felt shoppers might prefer a particular vegetable only if 135.
it is fresh and in season. , we also ask what frozen vegetables they buy most frequently 136.
and why. In addition, we 137. a series of questions about food preparation and convenience.
We feel this survey will give us a better picture of what our customers want. Please look over
everything and quickly respond with any thoughts. 138.
135. (A) farmers
(B) executives
(C) consumers
(D) merchants
136. (A) In effect
(B) Therefore
(C) On occasion
(D) Nevertheless
137. (A) were inserting
(B) have inserted
138. (A) We want to start distributing the
survey next week. EMMOI
(C) had been inserting
(D) could have inserted
(B) We value the feedback provided
by you, our customers.
(C) Despite higher costs, demand for
our products has risen.
(D) As we all know, fresh vegetables
are good for you.
Questions 139-142 refer to the following e-mail.
To: vendors@grovecenterfleamarket.org
From: alanc@spicebest.com
Date: October 22
Subject: Parking issue
Dear Vendors,
Starting next month, the owners of the Grove Center Flea Market will charge a flat daily rate of
$10 to use the onsite parking deck. This means customers who drive to our weekly flea market
will no longer enjoy free parking. I'm concerned that this might-some shoppers from 139.
coming, which will hurt our businesses.
As president of the Grove Center Flea Market, I have asked the owners to consider waiving or
reducing the fee. The nearest other large-scale parking facility is at city hall, three long 140.
blocks from our site. Street parking is available but can be ------ to find. 141.
Please reply to all if you have any thoughts on alternative 142.
Best,
Alan Coleman
139. (A) remove
140.
(B) carry
(C) discourage
(D) manage
(A) Their offices are not open on
Sundays.
(B) I also asked them to expand the
garage.
(C) Nevertheless, we have more vendors
than last year.
(D) Unfortunately, we could not reach a
compromise.
141. (A) difficult
(B) pleasant
(C) expensive
(D) specific
142. (A) solution
(B) solutions
(C) solve
(D) solving
Questions 143-146 refer to the following newspaper article.
QUEENSVILLE (November 3)-Recycling just became easier for many local residents thanks to
the opening of the township's second recycling center. "West Queensville residents now have a
more- location to drop off their materials," Mayor Dustin Larson said at yesterday's 143.
ribbon-cutting ceremony. "No longer must they travel to the east part of the town."
However, Ida Aguirre of the Queensville Clean Coalition criticized the town council's 144.
decision to eliminate curbside pickup of recyclables. "Curbside pickup should be resumed
--elected officials want to make recycling easier," she said in a telephone interview. Open 145.
6 A.M. to 8 P.M. on weekdays, the new 18 Darren Street facility takes only mixed paper and some
plastics. Aluminum is not currently 146.
143. (A) widespread
(B) convenient
(C) ordinary
(D) stable
144. (A) The percentage of household waste sent
to landfills has decreased recently.
(B) Those who attended the ceremony
applauded the new facility.
(C) Employees at both drop-off sites can help
unload materials.
(D) The drop-off site in West Queensville
opens next year.
145. (A) by
(B) so
(C) if
(D) through
146. (A) accepted
(B) accepting
(C) accepts
(D) accept
PART 7
Directions: In this part you will read a selection of texts, such as magazine and newspaper articles,
e-mails, and instant messages. Each text or set of texts is followed by several questions. Select the
best answer for each question and mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
Questions 147-148 refer to the following e-mail.
To: Jeanne Vasseur
From: Milo Bailey
Date: 4 February
Subject: Information
Dear Jeanne,
I think we made the right decision in hiring Carol. She has some excellent ideas about
design and content for our Web site. The new site she created will help us attract new
clients and help our current clients get the information they need.
In addition to the minor changes you suggested earlier, we could have a blog on the Web
site to post accounting tips and share some anecdotes. We need to sit down with Carol to
share our thoughts. Her schedule is open tomorrow morning-will you be free?
Sincerely,
Milo
148. What does Mr. Bailey want to do? VEB 147. Why did Mr. Bailey send the e-mail to
Ms. Vasseur?
(A) To inquire about a product
(B) To explain a new process to her
(C) To discuss changes to a Web site
(D) To ask her to contact a new client
(A) Review a schedule
(B) Hire additional staff
(C) Open a new account
(D) Meet with a new employee
Questions 149-150 refer to the tollowing receipt.
Green's Athletic Shoes
18502 Oriole Avenue
Chicago, IL 60800
(312) 555-0132
August 5, 11:27 A.M.
Receipt number: 5926
Lunarwave running shoes
Style: Fleetfoot, men's size 10 $119.00
Suresocks cotton running socks
men's size large $4.99
Coolbreeze T-shirt
men's size medium
Regularly $14.00, now 15% off $11.90
Subtotal $135.89
Sales tax (6.25%) $8.49
Total $144.38
Thank you for shopping at Green's Athletic Shoes!
Please fill out a customer survey at www.greensathletic.com.
All returns must be made within 30 days.
A receipt is required to make a return.
149. What is indicated about the T-shirt?
(A) It was made by Lunarwave.
(B) It is a size large.
(C) It is made of cotton.
(D) It was sold at a discounted price.
150. What must a customer do to return an
item?
(A) Complete an online form
(B) Bring the item back within six months
(C) Show an original store receipt
(D) Mail the item to the manufacturer
Questions 151-152 refer to the following text-message chain.
Monica Blanco (10:43 А.М.)
Hi, Carrie. Are you working this Friday? I'm
working a half shift, and I was wondering if you
could cover it. My brother's birthday party is that
day.
Carrie Morgan (11:25 А.M.)
I'm working a half shift too. What time are you
scheduled?
Monica Blanco (11:37 A.M.)
8 A.M. to noon.
Carrie Morgan (11:39 A.M.)
I might be able to. I could do a full day, actually.
I'm scheduled after you.
Monica Blanco (11:40 A.M.)
OK.
Carrie Morgan (11:41 А.M.)
I'm at work right now. When I see Mr. Cho, I'll ask
him if it is OK to do your shift as well as mine.
Monica Blanco (11:50 A.M.)
Thank you! I appreciate it.
151. At 11:39 A.M., what does Ms. Morgan mean
when she writes, "I might be able to"?
(A) She could help organize a weekend
event.
(B) She could work Ms. Blanco's hours on
Friday.
(C) She could pick up some food for a
party.
(D) She could meet with Ms. Blanco during
her break.
152. Who most likely is Mr. Cho?
(A) A temporary worker
(B) A party planner
(C) A supervisor
(D) A friend of Ms. Blanco's
Questions 153-154 refer to the following memo.
MEMO
To: All Avisomark Employees
From: Eugenia Bajorek, Assistant Communications Director
Date: January 30
Re: Our company newsletter
As part of a company-wide effort to reduce waste, we will be discontinuing
the print version of our weekly company newsletter, effective March 1.
From that date forward, the newsletter will be published in its online
format only. In addition, beginning in March, the submission deadline for
the Employee News section of the newsletter will be changed from the
third Friday of each month to the second Friday of each month. This
change will give Markus Quimby the time he needs to process and edit
submissions. The submission process remains the same: simply e-mail
Markus directly at mquimby@avisomark.com.
153. Why was the memo written?
(A) To announce a recent decision
(B) To introduce a new staff member
(C) To describe a volunteer opportunity
(D) To invite feedback on a new practice
154. According to the memo, why would
employees e-mail Mr. Quimby?
(A) To update their personal information
(B) To request a copy of a newsletter
(C) To express their opinion on the
newsletter format
(D) To send in their latest news

Questions 155-157 refer to the following article.
Driverless Buses in Swansea?
SWANSEA (12 May)-A consortium of city
government officials and local business
leaders is considering the purchase of
driverless buses for some city routes.
Commissioned with exploring options to
improve transportation in Swansea and
surrounding areas, the group recently sent
three members to Malaga, Spain, where
driverless buses run an eight-kilometre loop
several times a day.
Consortium member Gareth Elias was
impressed by what he learned. Despite
concerns about safety and traffic regulations,
Mr. Elias could see driverless buses
becoming a reality before long, but only in
specific cases. "I believe they would be
particularly useful during festivals and
special events," he said. "I can't imagine
them being on the roads every day."
Anisha Deepak, an engineer specialising
in transportation innovation, served as a
technical consultant on the trip. She was
struck by the complexity of the buses
artificial intelligence system, which allows
them to learn as they collect data on every
trip.
"Artificial intelligence makes these
buses very safe in real-world situations," she
said. "Nevertheless, it's best to have a
human operator on board at all times in case
of emergencies."
A public community forum is scheduled
for 2 June to discuss the benefits and
drawbacks of driverless buses. Visit the
Swansea Town Council's Web site at
www.swanseatowncouncil.gov.uk to learn
more.
155. What is the purpose of the article?
(A) To explain how a new technology works
(B) To report on a group's recent activities
(C) To recruit participants for a travel forum
(D) To announce changes to a bus
schedule
156. What opinion does Mr. Elias express about
driverless buses?
(A) They are not safe under any
circumstances.
157. What is indicated about Ms. Deepak?
(A) She was recently elected to the
Swansea Town Council.
(B) She collected data for a computer
system.
(C) She took notes during an emergency
meeting.
(D) She traveled to Malaga as a consultant.
(B) Traffic regulations must be revised to
accommodate them.
(C) They are practical for limited purposes.
(D) They are appropriate for Malaga but not
for Swansea.
Questions 158-161 refer to the following job posting.
Morves Laboratories of Seoul is seeking an associate research scientist who will work
collaboratively with a team of other scientists within the Research and Development
Division.
Morves Laboratories has more than 85,000 employees in offices and laboratories in
Asia, Europe, and North America who are involved in developing, manufacturing,
and selling cutting-edge medicines. The Research and Development Division is
responsible for achieving the company's primary goal of creating new and effective
medications for worldwide use.
Primary Job Functions:
• Design and conduct laboratory experiments
• Perform rigorous data analysis
• Collaborate to write detailed reports
• Present research findings internally and externally to clients at specific meetings
Position Requirements:
A master's degree in biology
At least five years of laboratory experience
• Excellent oral and written communication skills
To apply, submit a résumé and cover letter to www.morveslaboratories.co.kr/careers
by November 10.
158. What does the job posting indicate about
Morves Laboratories?
(A) It offers excellent employee benefits.
(B) Its workforce is primarily based in
Europe.
(C) Its main purpose is to develop new
medicines.
(D) It partners with another company for
product distribution.
159. What is one responsibility of the position?
(A) Analyzing information from experiments
(B) Designing safe packaging materials
(C) Operating manufacturing equipment
(D) Responding to patient inquiries
160. According to the job posting, what should
an applicant possess?
 (A) Knowledge of medical regulations
(B) Expertise in editing medical journals
(C) A background in teaching biology
(D) Experience working in a laboratory
161. How should someone apply for the
position?
(A) By visiting the company's offices
(B) By submitting a résumé online
(C) By calling a recruiting professional
(D) By e-mailing a current employee
Questions 162-164 refer to the following e-mail.
E-Mail Message
To: team@rosettipasta.com.au
From: valentina_rosetti@rosettipasta.com.au
Date: 20 August
Subject: Update
Dear Team,
The past several years have been fast-paced. — [1] –. Five years ago, when I began
selling my homemade pasta, I never expected to need a space larger than the kitchen in
my own house. How things have changed! This week, the business won a contract to
supply a regional food distributor here in Eastern Australia.
This achievement certainly would not have been possible without you. - [2] -. You
have all worked hard to keep pace with such tremendous growth, and it was not always
easy. To show my appreciation, I have decided that each of you will receive a bonus. -[3]-
With our solid team and our streamlined production process, I am optimistic that we
will see our product placed on even more supermarket shelves soon. -[4]-. The
future looks bright.
Sincerely,
Valentina Rosetti
Chief Executive Officer, Rosetti Pasta Company Ltd.
162. Why did Ms. Rosetti send the e-mail?
(A) To thank employees
(B) To present a business plan
(C)
(D)

 To
To

announce
request assistance
 a postponement
 with a project
VEB
163. What does Ms. Rosetti express confidence
about?
(A) The development of a new product line
(B) The potential for more company growth
(C) The success of an advertising campaign
(D) The possibility of replacing old
machinery
164. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?
"It will appear in your accounts on Friday."
(A) [1]
(B) [2]
(C) [3]
(D) [4]
Questions 165-167 refer to the following e-mail.
To: Sid Shepard
From: Corporate Security
Date: July 2
Subject: Your ID badge
Dear Mr. Shepard:
We received your request this morning for assistance in acquiring a new physical
identification badge. As your current badge was misplaced, it has been deactivated. To
receive a replacement, visit the corporate security office in Paulsen Hall between 7 a.m.
and 5:30 p.m. You will be required to show a form of government-issued identification.
In the meantime, you can take advantage of a new corporate initiative. The company app
installed on all employees' mobile devices now includes a digital identification card that
can be used to gain entry to the corporate parking garage and campus buildings. To access
the digital ID card in the app, look for the "ID Card" tab. You can then scan your digital
ID to enter all secure areas.
If you have questions or need additional help, please call corporate security at 863-555-0171.
Thank yo,
Hopper Technology Corporate Security
165. What is the purpose of the e-mail?
(A) To respond to a request for help
(B) To promote the sale of a new product
(C) To alert authorities to a security
problem
(D) To announce a new company policy
166. What is suggested about Mr. Shepard?
(A) He first contacted corporate security
two days ago.
(B) He does not use the corporate parking
garage.
(C) He does not know where Paulsen Hall
is located.
(D) He has the company app installed on
his mobile device.
167. The word "gain" in paragraph 2, line 3, is
closest in meaning to
(A) win
(B) obtain
(C) collect
(D) increase
Questions 168-171 refer to the following online chat discussion.
Margo Basset [9:16 A.M.] Hi, All.Where are we with the schedule for the weekly New Assets
lunch series for our new hires?
Stephan Ruess [9:18 A.M.] We've finalized the session topics. I believe we have confirmed
one speaker.
Alban Mithat [9:20 A.M.]That is correct. Salima Abubakar from our north suburban office
agreed to take on the first session of the series.
Margo Basset [9:24 A.M.] Fantastic. Is she able to present on June 10 as we planned?
Alban Mithat [9:26 A.M.] She is, and she suggested thata panel discussion might be more
engaging for her topic, renewable resources. She will moderate the discussion. I've e-mailed
the three employees she suggested as panelists.
Margo Basset [9:27 A.M.] That sounds good. And the other sessions?
Stephan Ruess [9:28 A.M.] So, the topics for the other six sessions will be cryptocurrencies,
commodities, investments, start-ups, real estate, and virtual interfaces. I hope to have
speakers for those sessions lined up by the end of this week.
Margo Basset [9:31 A.M.] And they'llall be held at the midtown office.
Stephan Ruess [9:32 A.M.] Correct. Four of our seven new hires are permanently assigned to
the midtown office.The other new hires willbe there on session days for required training.
168. What is suggested about the New Assets
lunch session on June 10?
(A) It will be led by Ms. Abubakar.
(B) It will be introduced by Mr. Mithat.
(C) It will feature Ms. Basset.
(D) It will include information about
cryptocurrencies.
169. At 9:27 A.M., what does Ms. Basset mean
when she writes, "That sounds good"?
(A) She is eager to attend the New Assets
lunch series.
(B) She approves of Ms. Abubakar's idea.
(C) She is pleased with all the session
topics.
(D) She looks forward to meeting the
recently hired employees.
170. How many sessions still need speakers?
(A) One
(B) Three
(C) Four
(D) Six
171. What is true about the New Assets lunch
series?
(A) It is the main component of employee
training. (B) It will be held in the same location
every week.
(C) It will consist exclusively of panel
discussions.
(D) It will include presenters from outside
the company.
Questions 172-175 refer to the following article.
Research Findings Presented
GALWAY (1 July)-Eva Urban and her
research team at the Ireland Agronomy
Association presented their findings to the
Galway Department of Transportation on
Thursday. During their three-year study, the
team was tasked with researching ways to
improve the success of tree and shrub
plantings along roadways. -[1] -
"The ground next to newly paved roads
is often compacted by heavy machinery
associated with construction," Ms. Urban
said. "As a result, the soil can't absorb water
or nutrients well, which makes it difficult for
new growth to establish itself. - [2]-. My
team set up different experimental plots
alongside highways and tried various
combinations of planting, tilling, and
amending soils to determine what worked."
The final results of the governmentsponsored research project were compiled
into a 50-page handbook. Although the
handbook was written specifically for the
Galway Department of Transportation, its
recommendations can be applied by
municipal agencies throughout the country.
-[3]-
"Each chapter explores one of the ten
best practices identified by the team," said
Ms. Urban. "These basic techniques are
relevant regardless of where they are
implemented. The only site-specific variable
is plant selection, as that will depend upon
the particular geographic region.
Another point conveyed by the study is
that successful plant establishment requires
an integrated approach. — [4] -. Improving
roadside planting requires a thorough
assessment of a site's existing conditions as
well as a wide variety of management
practices to address the specific issues
involved.
WEBSITЕ
B
172. What is the subject of the research
discussed in the article?
(A) Keeping vegetation alive along
roadways
(B) Preventing damage to highway
surfaces
(C) Advocating for the use of native plants
(D) Improving roadside visibility for drivers
173. Why does Ms. Urban mention heavy
machinery?
(A) To explain why plants may grow poorly
in some soil
(B) To argue that roads can be built more
efficiently
(C) To suggest that road maintenance
crews should be careful with young
plants
(D) To describe equipment used by her
research team
174. In the article, what is indicated about a
handbook?
(A) It is only ten pages long.
(B) It will be distributed to the public.
(C) It was the subject of a local dispute.
(D) It is appropriate for use in other parts of
the country.
175. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?
"In other words, one action is not enough."
(A) [1]
(B) [2]
(C) [3]
(D) [4]
WEBSITЕ
Questions 176-180 refer to the following invoice and article.
Dawn Sky Catering
525 Horseshoe Lane
Gardendale, PA 19061
Invoice date: December 6 Invoice number: 5688
Customer name Maureen Shibata
Company Gardendale Neighborhood Association (GNA)
Address 4069 Strother Street, Gardendale, PA 19061
Phone number 484-555-0152 E-mail mshibata@gardendalena.org
Event date December 15 Balance due date December 13
Description Quantity Price
Platter of assorted raw vegetables with dips 5 $125.00
Grilled chicken skewers (tray) 5 $150.00
Quiche tarts (tray) 5 $175.00
Small chocolate cakes (custom decorated) 50 $250.00
SUBTOTAL $700.00
Deposit (received November 25)
BALANCE DUE
-$200.00
$500.00
Comments or special instructions:
See November 30 e-mail from Ms. Shibata about cake design. This will be for the
GNA's annual reception.
GARDENDALE (December 20)-The
Gardendale Neighborhood Association
(GNA) honored Mayor Karla Fugate at its
annual reception last Saturday. Mayor
Fugate had been asked to give a short
speech about the city's plans to build a
new recreational center, after which she
was presented with a special plaque to
thank her for her role in the Westside Park
project. According to GNA president
Manuel Yuen, "Mayor Fugate was
instrumental in making last year's
fund-raising festival for the park a huge
success." The festival raised thousands of
dollars more than the GNA expected.
"It was a delightful surprise," said
Mayor Fugate. "We set ourselves a difficult
mission with the park project, but everybody
in the GNA and the community at large came
through admirably," the mayor continued.
The GNA reception was held in the
Gardendale Botanical Garden, which offered
a beautiful setting. The food was provided
by Dawn Sky Catering, which included an
individual chocolate cake for each guest
decorated with the GNA logo.
176. What does the invoice suggest about
Ms. Shibata?
(A) She will be the guest of honor at an
event.
(B) She charged the GNA for its catering
order.
(C) She is the organizer of the GNA's
reception.
(D) She will be decorating some cakes
herself.
177. When was the GNA required to pay $500 to
Dawn Sky Catering?
(A) On November 30
(B) On December 6
(C) On December 13
(D) On December 15
178. According to the article, what happened at
the reception?
179. In the article, the word "instrumental" in
paragraph 1, line 12, is closest in meaning to
(A) mechanical
(B) informal
(C) musical
(D) essential
180. How many people most likely attended the
GNA reception?
(A) 5
(B) 50
(C) 100
(D) 200
(A) Mayor Fugate was given an award.
(B) Mayor Fugate was asked to reduce her
speech.
(C) Mayor Fugate took questions from the
audience.
(D) Mayor Fugate was invited to join the
GNA.
MOREAD
Questions 181-185 refer to the following letter and e-mail.
Chisaka Gaming Systems
410-1109, Nijo Dencho, Nakagyo-ku Kyoto-shi
Kyoto, Japan
Toby Heisenberger
1226 Lark Street
Albany, New York 12210
USA
May 7
Product Recall:
CGS-P27 High-Speed Gaming Computer
Dear Mr. Heisenberger,
This is to inform you that the CGS-P27 High-Speed Gaming Computer has
been recalled. We have received reports of units overheating and becoming
unusable. To address this issue, an additional fan needs to be installed in
your computer. Please return the gaming system to the store in which it was
purchased, using your personal customer identification number, PCI-70734.
Your system will then be sent back to the manufacturer and repaired at no
expense to you.
We apologize for any inconvenience.
Sincerely,
Kobu Matsui EMMOREAD
Chisaka Gaming Systems
To:
From:
Date:
Subject:
Virginia Granger <v.granger@chisakagamingsystems.jp>
Dear Ms. Granger,
Jennifer Kinkaid <jkinkaid@albancgm.com>
June 12
Product recall
Our retail stores have been accepting your CGS-P27 High-Speed Gaming Computers for repairs as arranged. As you may know, owners of your gaming system are reluctant to give
up their devices for repair once they find that they will be without the system for two to
three weeks. Today alone, three customers (PCI-70734, PCI-17503, and PCI-90022)
declined to have their systems repaired.
The good news is that users of your gaming system are very loyal. However, to increase
compliance with the recall and as a public relations gesture, you could provide us with
several devices as part of a loaner program. Let me know how I can assist with this
arrangement.
Thank you!
Jennifer Kinkaid
Alban Computers, Games, and More
181. Why did Mr. Matsui send the letter?
(A) To advertise a new product
(B) To alert a customer to a problem
(C) To confirm that a refund had been
issued
(D) To offer a customer an upgrade
182. What type of company does Ms. Granger
work for?
(A) A computer manufacturer
(B) A retail store
(C) A repair company
(D) A game rental service
183. In the e-mail, the word "program" in
paragraph 2, line 3, is closest in meaning to
(A) schedule
(B) plan
(C) broadcast
(D) software
184. What can be concluded about
Mr. Heisenberger?
(A) He was not satisfied with his purchase.
(B) He called Ms. Granger to discuss
options.
(C) He did not bring his system in for repair.
(D) He requested a two-week turnaround.
185. What does Ms. Kinkaid request in her
e-mail?
(A) Free products
(B) System upgrades
(C) Computer monitors
(D) Temporary replacements
Questions 186-190 refer to the following e-mail and Web pages.
To: Marcella Wairimu <m.wairimu@theushindigroup.co.ke>
From: Henry Bunyasi <h.bunyasi@theushindigroup.co.ke>
Date: 3 February
Subject: Survey
Dear Ms. Wairimu.
The management team has asked us to find out how satisfied our clients are with our
digital marketing services. To that end, we will conduct a survey during the month of
April.
Given your expertise in survey design and analysis, I would like you to develop a
customer satisfaction survey that includes an evaluation of the digital marketing services
we advertise on our Web site. It will be sent to each of our longtime clients here in
Kenya. Please have a draft ready by 17 February and distribute it to the members of the
management team for their review. You and I will present the draft at the management
team's meeting on 23 February at 2:00 P.M.
Regards.
Henry Bunyasi
https://www.theushindigroup.co.ke/services_survey
About Us Services Plans and Pricing Company News
Satisfaction Survey
1 May
At The Ushindi Group, we strive to provide you with top-quality marketing services.
That is why we are asking our longtime clients to complete this short survey about our
digital marketing services. With the information you provide, we can identify areas for
improvement. Please submit your responses on or before 19 May. Thank you for
helping us to serve you better.
Please type one of the following values into the appropriate box for each service.
1 = very dissatisfied, 2 = dissatisfied, 3 = no opinion, 4 = satisfied, 5 = very satisfied
Digital Marketing Services
A. Advertising on social media
B. Content creation, including written content, photos, and videos
C. E-mail marketing to existing and potential customers
D. Web and mobile app development and design
Client name (optional):
https://www.theushindigroup.co.ke/companynews
About Us Services Plans and Pricing Company News
Improvements to Our Services
In response to customer feedback, The Ushindi Group will introduce a new e-mail
marketing strategy on 15 July.
Our new focus will be on triggered e-mails. Triggered e-mails are sent out
automatically based on customer behaviour and have a much higher response rate
than traditional marketing e-mails. Triggered e-mails help companies turn casual
buyers into loyal customers.
We anticipate that this change will result in a noticeable increase in repeat customers
for our clients. The price of our services will remain the same. For more information,
you may contact your marketing account manager directly, call The Ushindi Group
at 0800 205 555, or send an e-mail to info@theushindigroup.co.ke.
186. What is stated about Ms. Wairimu in the
e-mail?
(A) She resolved a complaint from one of
her clients.
(B) She responded to an employee
questionnaire.
(C) She is a member of the management
team.
(D) She is highly skilled in survey
development.
187. What will most likely happen on
February 23?
VE
(A) The Ushindi Group's Web site will be
updated.
(B) Mr. Bunyasi will review the advertising
budget.
(C) Ms. Wairimu will attenda meeting in the
afternoon.
(D) The management team will vote on a
policy revision.
188. What can be concluded about the
satisfaction survey?
(A) It was sent by mail.
(B) It was not distributed to clients
according to the original timetable.
(C) It was revised after the management
team's meeting.
(D) It was sent to clients around the world.
189. What news is reported on the second Web
page?
(A) Service rates will soon increase.
(B) A marketing manager has been
replaced.
(C) Surveys will be conducted on a monthly
basis.
(D) An automated customer contact system
will launch.
190. What digital marketing service will The
Ushindi Group change based on responses
to its survey?
(A) Service A
(B) Service B
(C) Service C
(D) Service D
Questions 191-195 refer to the following article and Web pages.
Director Rubio Celebrated
MERRINGTON (July 20)-Although Pedro
Rubio retired from directing ten years ago,
his award-winning films still influence
today's cinema.
Rubio's childhood home was near a
movie house, where he fell in love with the
art form. He saw several movies a week,
sometimes watching the same movie
multiple times.
His extensive familiarity with a range of
genres is apparent in his work. Titles range
from the romantic Send Me Some Roses to
the horror classic That House.
Rubio retired from filmmaking at age 65
after almost 40 years of directing, but he has
kept busy. Most recently, he has been
working as a guest lecturer at the nearby
Weberton Film School.
Readers will be pleased to hear that our
own Merrington Cinema will be showing
Rubio's films throughout August. Whether
you are a longtime fan or have never seen a
Rubio film, you will surely enjoy this
offering at Merrington Cinema.
https://www.merringtoncinema.com
Home Schedule Reviews Contact Us
Choose Your Own Double Feature
In August, we will celebrate the acclaimed director Pedro Rubio's birthday by
showing many of his movies. And you can purchase tickets to two movies for the
price of one! Rubio made the films listed below at the beginning of his directing
career. See the Schedule page for the complete list of films and their weekly
viewing times.
Put a Roof on It, Comedy, 102 minutes
Construction workers do their best to build a wealthy man's dream home while his
brother tries to take over the project.
Through a Diamond Rain, Science Fiction, 124 minutes
Two teams of researchers travel to Neptune and try to send their findings back
to Earth.
Weekends and Memories, Drama, 115 minutes
A group of old friends gather at a country house and discover that much has
changed since they were last together. This film won the Gold Dreamer Award.
The Strange Drive, Western, 107 minutes
Cowboys on a cattle drive encounter a series of interesting and unusual strangers.
https://www.merringtoncinema.com/reviews
Home Schedule Reviews Contact Us
I recently read a great article about director Pedro Rubio. It contained a lot of
information about his work and life, including some surprising information about
what he has been doing since he retired from filmmaking. The article also
mentioned that Merrington Cinema would be showing his films. So I went to the
cinema's Web site and saw the two-for-one deal. I thought this would be an
excellent way to spend a Saturday, so I went! I saw two wonderful movies. One of
the films I saw was new to me: it was about scientists on a mission in space.
loved it!
For a movie fan like me, Merrington Cinema's promotion was perfect. I understand
there will be a similar promotion for Meredeth Bui's films in October. I'll be sure to
take advantage of great offers like this again.
-Talia Pak
191. According to the article, how did Mr. Rubio
become interested in the cinema?
(A) His family worked in the movie
business.
(B) He participated in a film club at school.
(C) He visited a movie theater frequently in
his youth.
(D) He used to be a ticket seller in a movie
theater.
192. According to the first Web page, why is
Merrington Cinema offering a promotion?
(A) It recently opened and wants to attract
customers.
(B) It is celebrating a director's birthday.
(C) It has partnered with a movie studio to
show certain movies.
(D) It wants to advertise its new upgraded
premises.
193. According to the first Web page, what do
the four listed movies have in common?
(A) They are all less than 120 minutes
long.
(B) They all focus on friendships.
(C) They are all early films of Mr. Rubio's.
(D) They have all received awards.
194. What did Ms. Pak find surprising about
Mr. Rubio?
(A) He is teaching at a local film school.
(B) He directed movies for nearly 40 years.
(C) He worked in many genres.
(D) He has opened his own movie theater.
195. What movie did Ms. Pak see recently for
the first time?
(A) Put a Roof on It
(B) Through a Diamond Rain
(C) Weekends and Memories
(D) The Strange Drive
Questions 196-200 refer to the following policy and e-mails.
Submission Policy
Undeniable is an ad-supported literary journal of short fiction and nonfiction
emerging writers. We waive our $5 fee for first-time submitters.
• Stories must be between 250 and 1,000 words (no poetry, please).
Do not include illustrations. All illustrations are produced in-house.
by
Attach your story in an e-mail to: submissions@undeniable.com. Please include a
brief synopsis of your piece, and tell us how you discovered Undeniable.
이
이
We pay a $50 honorarium upon acceptance for publication.
If we accept your story, we will send you a contract and a form to set up an
electronic money transfer.
*E-mail*
To: submissions@undeniable.com
From: len.sutherland@onyxmail.com
Date: March 15
Subject: Cover letter and submission
Attachment: Ji's Journey
Greetings!
My submission, "Ji's Journey," centers on a young dress designer, Toby Ji, who
overcomes obstacles to realize her dreams in the fashion industry.
I was introduced to Undeniable last year by my writing instructor at the Artman
Institute in Portland, Oregon, and have since become a subscriber. I particularly enjoy
your Nonfiction Corner; one of my favorites was "Waygone Beach," which inspired me
to write "Ji's Journey." I believe it would be an ideal fit for this section. Like "Waygone
Beach," "Ji's Journey" is a true story of hope and perseverance.
Thank you for your consideration and for creating a forum for new writers like me.
Sincerely,
Len Sutherland
To: len.sutherland@onyxmail.com
From: jerrybuckman@undeniable.com
Date: July 2
Subject: Your submission
Dear Mr. Sutherland,
Your story, "Ji's Journey," generated a great deal of positive feedback about the June issue.
Congratulations! And your instincts were correct regarding your story's placement. All this
has us hoping you will submit more stories to Undeniable. As an added incentive, we will
be increasing our honorarium to $100 beginning next month.
As a subscriber, you are likely familiar with Stacy Jordan's question-and-answer column
featuring a different writer each month. Would you be willing to answer a few questions
about your literary training, writing method, and how you find story ideas? If so, I will
forward your e-mail address to Ms. Jordan, who will reach out to you in the near future.
Sincerely,
Jerry Buckman
Associate Editor
196. What does the policy indicate about
Undeniable?
(A) It does not accept poems.
(B) It has no advertisements.
(C) It requires writers to submit drawings.
(D) It publishes the work of famous
authors.
197. According to the first e-mail, where did
Mr. Sutherland discover Undeniable?
(A) In a public library
(B) In a school bookstore
(C) In a writing class
(D) In a clothing shoр
198. What can be concluded about "Waygone
Beach"?
(A) It takes place in Portland, Oregon.
(B) It was not accepted for publication.
(C) It is Mr. Sutherland's first story.
(D) It does not exceed 1,000 words.
199. How much did Mr. Sutherland receive for
his story in the June issue of Undeniable?
(A) $5
(B) $50
(C) $100
(D) $250
200. What does the second e-mail suggest
about Ms. Jordan?
(A) She plans to renew her subscription.
(B) She writes a column for Undeniable.
(C) She teaches writing classes.
(D) She has an unusual writing method.
เฉลยข
อถ
เว
บไซต

ให้เลื

อนลงไป เลือกชุดที

ต้องการดูเช่น ชุดเทาเทา
จะเจอหน้านี

กดเลือกเลย
ว่
าจะชุดเล่ม
ไหน
เทา เล่ม 4
ดูที

หน้านี

เลื

อนลงมาเรื

อยๆ เจอ
แน่นอนงับบ
ยด
ยดจะต
องด
ในแอพครบ
IOS จะแยกพารท
อ่าน พารท
อันนี

จะเป็
นแอพของ Android จะรวม
พารท
อ่าน พารท
์ ฟังในแอพเดียวกัน
ทําข้อสอบในแอพได้เลย
แบ่งทําควิ
ซ ทําควิ
ซแยกพารท
ที

ไม่
ถนัดได้
าตอบได้- มีสรุปคํ
าศัพท
ครังที

ทําข้อสอบ
วอย
าง Feature ในแอพ
ทําข้อสอบในแอพได้เลย
แบ่งทําควิ
ซ ทําควิ
ซแยก
พารท
ที

ไม่ถนัดได้
คํ
าศัพท
เฉลยไว้
อ่านต่อ
ปล Audio ไฟล
ได้ด้วยนะ
วอย
าง Feature ในแอพ
มีบันทึกคะแนนที

ทํา คํ
านวณ
คะแนนให้ด้วยนะ
มีคํ
าศัพท
์ให้ด้วย
มีให้ฝึกทํา CBT ในแอพ
TOEIC
เฉลยข
อถ
เว
บไซต

ให้เลื

อนลงไป เลือกชุดที

ต้องการดูเช่น ชุดเทาเทา
จะเจอหน้านี

กดเลือกเลย
ว่
าจะชุดเล่ม
ไหน
เทา เล่ม 4
ดูที

หน้านี

เลื

อนลงมาเรื

อยๆ เจอ
แน่นอนงับบ
ยด
ยดจะต
องด
ในแอพครบ
IOS จะแยกพารท
อ่าน พารท
อันนี

จะเป็
นแอพของ Android จะรวม
พารท
อ่าน พารท
์ ฟังในแอพเดียวกัน
ทําข้อสอบในแอพได้เลย
แบ่งทําควิ
ซ ทําควิ
ซแยกพารท
ที

ไม่
ถนัดได้
าตอบได้- มีสรุปคํ
าศัพท
ครังที

ทําข้อสอบ
วอย
าง Feature ในแอพ
ทําข้อสอบในแอพได้เลย
แบ่งทําควิ
ซ ทําควิ
ซแยก
พารท
ที

ไม่ถนัดได้
คํ
าศัพท
เฉลยไว้
อ่านต่อ
ปล Audio ไฟล
ได้ด้วยนะ
วอย
าง Feature ในแอพ
มีบันทึกคะแนนที

ทํา คํ
านวณ
คะแนนให้ด้วยนะ
มีคํ
าศัพท
์ให้ด้วย
มีให้ฝึกทํา CBT ในแอพ

READING TEST
In the Reading test, you will read a variety of texts and answer several different types of reading comprehension questions. The entire Reading test will last 75 minutes. There are three parts, and
directions are given for each part. You are encouraged to answer as many questions as possible within the time allowed.
You must mark your answers on the separate answer sheet. Do not write your answers in your test book.
PART 5
Directions: A word or phrase is missing in each of the sentences below. Four answer choices are given below each sentence. Select the best answer to complete the sentence. Then mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
101. Aberdeen Bank offers a range of financial
services ------- the needs of its customers.
(A) meet
(B) to meet
(C) is meeting
(D) meetings EMM
102. ------- staff are asked to provide a backup
cell phone number and e-mail address.
(A) Every
(B) All
(C) Each
(D) Any
105. Ms. Martinova's promotion to chief financial
officer is contingent ------- approval by our
board of executives.
(A) within
(B) on
(C) around
(D) beside
106. The peninsula's southernmost portion is
rarely visited because it is not -------
accessible to travelers. .
103. Today, Mr. Rahn will present ------- ideas to
improve the company's accounting
software.
(A) he
(B) him
(C) his
(D) himself
104. The firm's one-hour lunch policy is------
enforced, so do not return late.
(A) strictly
(B) hungrily
(C) punctually
(D) bravely
(A) easy
(B) easily
(C) easier
(D) easiest
107. The Vaknis Group ------- all clients a flat
consultation fee, to be paid in advance.
(A) informs
(B) considers
(C) charges
(D) suggests
108. On August 19, employees will not be able to
access their e-mail account------- time
sheet.
(A) like
(B) so
(C) or
(D) first
109. Walk-in clients are ------- a reliable source
of business for the Auburn Hair Salon.
(A) typically
(B) fairly
(C) sharply
(D) evenly
110. By the end of the year, all packaging used
for Schaefer's food products will be-------
recyclable.
(A) critically
(B) initially
(C) freshly
(D) fully
111. Highbrook Hotel staff are trained to provide
each guest with an exceptional-------.
(A) experiencing
(B) is experienced
(C) experience
(D) to experience
112. In-------for their help, volunteers at the
library's book sale were given personalized
tea mugs.
(A) appreciate
(B) appreciative
(C) appreciation
(D) appreciates
113. Веcause employees must learn to use the
new software, several training sessions will
take place ------- the next two weeks.
(A) by
(B) over
(C) against
(D) at
114. Flight attendants asked passengers to take
their seats ------- upon boarding the plane.
(A) quicken
(B) quickened
(C) quickly
(D) quickest
115. Last July, Rojas Rieper LLC------- a grand
opening celebration.
(A) hosts
(B) hosted
(C) will host
(D) is hosting
116. Mr. Kim was one ------- three people who
received the firm's Competitive Edge
award.
(A) by
(B) of
(C) for
(D) to
117. Interviews begin today for the production
manager -----at Zhu Pharmaceuticals.
(A) participation
(B) outline
(C) arrangement
(D) position
118. Tours of the historic courthouse are offered
twice a week ------- the summer.
(A) onto dung (C) about
(D) at
119. ------- the next few months, Abundi Ltd. will
open its fourth pharmaceutical laboratory in
New Zealand.
(A) Within
(B) Soon
(C) Even
(D) When
120. The ------- at Yohanan Company organizes
the delivery of supplies to all conference
locations.
(A) coordinating
(B) coordinates
(C) coordinated
(D) coordinator
121. The owners of Rowecroft Porcelain ------- to
begin production of casual dinnerware sets
next month.
(A) intend
(B) intending
(C) intentional
(D) intentionally
122. Mykos Auto Makers agreed to grant longterm factory employees ------- vacation time.
(A) exhausted
(B) every
(C) extended
(D) any
123. The customer--believed that the coat
124.
he had purchased was waterproof.
(A) mistakenly
(B) mistaken
(C) mistook
(D) mistake
All cars built by Roadway Motors come
------- with an alarm reminding drivers to
buckle their seat belts.
(A) equips
(B) equipped
(C) equipping
(D) equipment
125. The components of the CT640 dishwasher
are largely the same as ------- of earlier
models.
(A) they
(B) them
(C) those
(D) themselves
126. The Nakato Group has won several
industry awards for its innovative marketing
(A) strategize
(B) strategic
(C) strategically
(D) strategies
127. Krit Pinthong's new mystery novel is the
most widely------- book of the year.
(A) estimated
(B) anticipated
(C) assumed
(D) predicted
128. The leadership team was quite relieved
------- the Tovyar building project was
completed under budget.
(A) especially (B) following
(C) when
(D) than
129.------- two floors of offices, the building
offers several retail spaces.
130.
(A) In addition to
(B) Fortunately
(C) In order that
(D) Especially
------- regarding construction noise and
traffic delays should be directed to
Mr. Jasdi, the project manager.
(A) Materials
(B) Concerns
(C) Expansions
(D) Selections
PART 6
Directions: Read the texts that follow. A word, phrase, or sentence is missing in parts of each text.
Four answer choices for each question are given below the text. Select the best answer to complete the
text. Then mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
Questions 131-134 refer to the following advertisement.
JOIN THE RGBS AUTOMOTIVE TEAM
--could
RGBS Automotive is 131 hiring full-time and part-time workers. Apply today! 132.
become part of our manufacturing team! We make high-tech products -133. found in cars and
trucks of all kinds.
RGBS Automotive pays well, and we provide ongoing training plus opportunities for promotion.
Go to www.rgbsautomotive.com for more details and to fill out an application. 134.
131. (A) now
(B) likewise
(C) there
(D) instead
132. (A) It
(B) You
(C) They
(D) Everyone
133. (A) can be
(B) that are
(C) and being
(D) that had been
134. (A) Ours is a highly competitive industry.
(B) RGBS Automotive began doing business 45
years ago.
(C) We also offer a generous number of vacation
days.
(D) RGBS Automotive sells a wide selection of
merchandise.
Questions 135-138 refer to the following memo.
MEMO
To: Marketing Team
From: Alyssa Jacobs, Project Manager
Date: 27 September
Subject: Meeting wrap-up
Thank you again to all of you for your fine work on the upcoming marketing campaign for the
Turbo Omega 2 smartphone. As ------- 135 during yesterday's meeting, our goal is to launch the
television, radio, and social media advertisements on 1 November. The phone itself will be in
stores by 1 December. 136.
Gary Carollo will draft the press release and post it on our shared drive, where all of you 137.
will be able to read it. Please e-mail any---for changes to Gary within one week. He will 138.
present his final draft at our next regular meeting. We will also tie up any loose ends at that time.
135. (A) taken
136.
(B) driven
(C) earned
(D) decided
(A) Remember to turn off your phone at the
end of the workday.
(B) This gives us one month to generate
consumer excitement.
(C) The wholesale price can also be adjusted
if necessary.
(D) These new features will surely increase
Turbo Omega 2 sales.
READ
137. (A) Rather
(B) Soon
(C) After all
(D) That is
138. (A) suggesting
(B) suggested
(C) suggestions
(D) suggests
Questions 139-142 refer to the following product information.
Handmade Silk Blouse by Coreopsis Textiles, Size Medium, £45
Coreopsis Textiles' silk blouses are created from vintage fabrics and other recycled components
that we sew together in a patchwork fashion. Because all -136 garments are handcrafted, each is 139.
one of a kind. - Unique variations within each piece are part of the charm of Coreopsis 140.
Textiles' products. The blouse you receive will be similar in style but not identical to the one
pictured.
Please note that this garment is -- It is recommended that you either hand-wash it or wash it 141.
in cold water on the gentle cycle in a mesh bag. While the item has been prewashed, dryer heat
may cause it to shrink.-, it is important that it be hung to air dry. 142.
139. (A) its 141. (A) popular
(B) our
(C) your
(D) their  (B) delicate
(C) mild
140. (A) This is a hassle-free return policy.
(B) Always check your receipt.
(C) They cannot be exactly replicated.
(D) Extra shipping charges may apply.
142.
(D) unavailable
(A) If not
(B) Likewise
(C) Therefore
(D) On the contrary
Questions 143-146 refer to the following e-mail.
To: Shu Jiang <sjiang@rowanatech.ca>
From: Maxwell Baschet <mbaschet@mapleroadstorage.ca>
Date: 4 April
Subject: Your contract
Attachment: Jiang contract
Dear Ms. Jiang,
We are pleased you- Maple Road Storage for your storage needs. I have attached a copy 143.
of your signed contract. 144.
Do you know about our referral program? You will receive one free month of storage if someone
you recommend signs a contract with us. The new tenant will receive a free month
You can find more information about this program and all our special------- on our Web 145. 146.
site at www.mapleroadstorage.ca.
Sincere EMMOREAD
Maxwell Baschet, Site Manager
143. (A) chooses
(B) will choose
(C) chosen
(D) have chosen
144. (A) If your contact information changes,
please let us know.
(B) We hope you will enjoy working
here.
(C) We will reply as soon as possible.
(D) However, business contracts can
be difficult to understand.
145. (A) after all
(B) again
(C) as well
(D) since
146. (A) offers
(B) schedules
(C) classes
(D) amounts
PART 7
Directions: In this part you will read a selection of texts, such as magazine and newspaper articles,
e-mails, and instant messages. Each text or set of texts is followed by several questions. Select the
best answer for each question and mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
Questions 147-148 refer to the following notice.
Cardinal Street Project-Update
Because of unusually wet and cold weather conditions, the road closure on Cardinal
Street between Lee Drive and Petunia Lane will be extended until late spring.
Construction will continue; however, final paving on Cardinal Street cannot occur
until the weather conditions improve. Workers will begin the pavement work once
construction of the bridge on Cardinal Street has been completed. If you have
questions or comments, please contact Vy Nguyen in the city planning office
at 615-555-0184.
147. What is a purpose of the notice?
(A) To report a change in weather patterns
(B) To announce a new detour route
(C) To explain a change in road
construction plans
(D) To highlight causes of road
deterioration .
148. What is indicated about the Cardinal Street
project?
(A) It includes building a bridge.
(B) It is being handled by Ms. Nguyen's
company.
(C) It does not involve street paving.
(D) It cannot be completed in hot weather.
Questions 149-150 refer to the following sign.
George's Orchard Farm
2232 Alpine Lane
Pick your own! Select from five varieties of juicy peaches in our orchard!
Buckets provided at no cost.
Stop by our market to purchase jams, pies, and sauces made from
farm-fresh fruit.
We sell lunches to enjoy in our picnic area.
Follow the signs ahead for designated parking areas.
Wednesday to Friday, 12 noon to 5:00 P.M.
Saturday and Sunday, 10:00 A.M. to 6:00 P.M.
149. What does George's Orchard Farm offer
visitors?
(A) Free buckets for fruit gathering
(B) Customized picnic baskets
(C) Samples of pies and jams
(D) Tours of the farm
150. What is indicated about the market?
 (A) It has a new parking area.
(B) It sells products made with peaches.
(C) It is under new management.
(D) It is open every day of the week.
.
Questions 151-152 refer to the following e-mail.
To:
From:
Date:
Thandiwe Ngxongo <tngxongo@fancyandformal.co.uk>
Customer Service <service@homethings.co.uk>
26 October
Subject: Performa lint roller (Model PL293)
Dear Ms. Ngxongo,
I am sorry to inform you that the Performa lint roller you selected is on back order
because of a shortage of its ultra-strong adhesive. We expect a new shipment within three
to four weeks. However, if you prefer not to wait, Home Things will be glad to ship the
Extreme2 lint roller to you at no extra charge. The Extreme2 model includes a perforated
sticky tape for ease of use and comes with two refills. Like the Performa model, it has
strong adhesive that effectively removes hair, fuzz, lint, and dust from most fabrics.
You can request this similar product to be shipped to you in place of the one you ordered,
as long as you make the change to your order before the original item ships. Thank you
for your understanding.
Sincerely,
Glen McCraine
Customer Service Specialist
Home Things
151. Why did Mr. McCraine write the e-mail?
(A) To highlight a new product
(B) To apologize for a delay
(C) To respond to a question
(D) To provide details about a return
152. What is indicated about the Extreme2 lint
roller?
(A) It is less expensive than the Performa
model.
(B) It comes with additional tape.
(C) It is more effective than the Performa
model.
(D) It has received high user ratings.
Questions 153-154 refer to the following text-message chain.
Sen Chai (6:51 P.M.):
We're on a dinner break from the negotiation
meeting. Mr. Geraci did not accept our offer.
Mateo Michelacci (6:52 P.M.):
That's frustrating. Do you think if we offered
another €10,000 he would sell? You and I have
agreed that this is the right facility: it's in a
convenient location for customers, the access
from the highway is perfect for incoming and
outgoing deliveries, and potential tenants
have already expressed interest.
Sen Chai (6:53 P.M.):
I can't see that happening. But I'll try again.
How high can I go?
Mateo Michelacci (6:54 P.M.):
The bank approved us for another €20,000.
Offer Mr. Geraci €10,000 more, plus we will fix
any building code violations at our expense.
Go up to the full €20,000 only if necessary.
Sen Chai (6:55 P.M.):
I'll do my best.
153. What is suggested about Mr. Geraci?
(A) He owns a building.
(B) He recently renovated a facility.
(C) He will approve a loan.
(D) He will meet with Mr. Michelacci.
154. At 6:53 P.м., what does Ms. Chai most likely
mean when she writes, "I can't see that
happening"?
(A) She thinks that renters will be difficult to
attract.
(B) She believes that an offer will still be
rejected.
(C) She doubts that shipping will be easy to
organize.
(D) She thinks that clients will have trouble
finding a location.
Questions 155-157 refer to the following advertisement.
Blossom Sales Systems
Blossom Sales Systems (BSS) makes running your business a breeze with its sleek,
intuitive point-of-sale devices. As a small business owner, you have many
responsibilities and a reputation to build. BSS has all the tools needed to make
transactions safe, seamless, and hassle-free.
Enjoy the convenience of a system that has you covered wherever you conduct your
business. Whether you sell in a store, over the phone, or online, BSS simplifies the
transaction process while backing you with 24-7 technical expertise. Our innovative
devices enable you to accepta variety of payment types-from magnetic-stripe and chip readers for credit cards to digital scanners for checks to popular mobile app
payment services-ensuring that no potential sales are missed.
Sign up for BSS today and enjoy a free ten-day trial. Registration takes just fifteen
minutes to complete. Once approved, save $50 on the purchase of any BSS device
that connects to your phone or tablet. Call 931-555-0148 to schedule a demonstration
and see how BSS can make your sales bloom!
155. The word "backing" in paragraph 2, line 3,
is closest in meaning to
(A) favoring
(B) reversing
(C) supporting
(D) establishing
157. What is BSS offering as a sales promotion?
156. What payment method is NOT mentioned in
the advertisement?
(A) Cash
(B) Check
(C) Credit card
(D) Mobile app
(A) A new mobile phone
(B) A fifteen-day free trial
(C) A free device for a tablet
(D) A discount on equipment

Questions 158-160 refer to the following e-mail.
*E-mail*
To: cbrandt@prebleevents.com
From: chsiao@yanvillefestival.com
Date: May 15
Subject: Festival support
Dear Mr. Brandt,
Thank you for contacting us regarding the Yanville Festival. — [1] —. We have already
contracted with Breemer's Staging to provide lighting equipment for our main stages.
— [2] -. Do you provide catering services? - [3] -. We do not have anyone yet to
manage the food for our actors and stage crews. Would you be interested in this work?
Please let me know. - [4]
Best regards,
Cecily Hsiao
Vice-Chair, Yanville Festival
158. What is one reason that Ms. Hsiao wrote
the e-mail?
(A) To confirm an order
(B) To request a price
(C) To provide a report
(D) To make an offer
160.
159. What most likely is the focus of the Yanville
Festival?
(A) Music
(B) Books
(C) Theater
(D) Fashion
In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3].
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?
"However, we have heard good reports
about your company, Preble Events, from
our partners."
(A) [1]
(B) [2]
(C) [3]
(D) [4]
Questions 161-163 refer to the following advertisement.
Kramer's Emporium
2323 Raleigh Street. Houston, TX 77021
After 25 years in business, our store is closing. Everything must go!
From refrigerators to washing machines, we have hundreds of
brand-new appliances for your home or office. Most items have been
marked down by 30 percent. Delivery is available within 60 miles of our
store for a flat fee of $50.00. We are open daily from 9:00 A.M. to 7:00 P.M.
Don't wait! Merchandise is selling fast!
161. What most likely can be purchased at
Kramer's Emporium?
(A) Computers
(B) Sofas
(C) Dishwashers
(D) Food
162. Why is Kramer's Emporium selling
merchandise at a discount?
(A) It will soon move to a new location.
(B) It wants to promote a specific brand.
(C) It needs to make room for new items.
(D) It will soon go out of business.
163. What is mentioned about delivery?
(A) It is free for purchases of two or more
items.
(B) It is available only in a specific area.
(C) It is limited to large items.
(D) It is included in the price of the item.
.
Questions 164-167 refer to the following e-mail.
To: Bruce Holt
From: Shamonica Walker
Date: April 9
Subject: Immediate and confidential
Dear Bruce.
Beginning with the new fiscal year, a change in retirement benefits will be applied for all
full-time employees here at Blanen Industries. They will no longer be given their matching
retirement funds in the form of cash. Instead, their retirement funds will be provided in the
form of company stock to be deposited in their retirement portfolios.
Our current retirement management firm, Proxave Futures, has been informed of this
change in retirement benefits. The firm will manage the transition and will continue to
provide customer support to Blanen Industries employees. Questions should be directed to Pierre Dehaene at Proxave Futures rather than our human resources department.
Please work with Yua Suzuki, head of human resources, to provide her with the
information she should include in her all-staff communication about this important change
in employee benefits. Our president notified me that he would like to receive all reports
related to this transition. Also, please continue to send me daily financial reports.
Best.
Shamonica Walker, CFO
Blanen Industries
164. What is a purpose of the e-mail?
(A) To inquire about a transaction
(B) To plan a meeting agenda
(C) To provide instructions
(D) To ask for an opinion
166. What is suggested about Proxave Futures?
165. The word "applied" in paragraph 1, line 1, is
closest in meaning to
(A) requested
(B) delayed
(C) discussed
(D) implemented
(A) It is giving employees a bonus.
(B) It offers company stock shares to its
employees.
(C) It will address any concerns of Blanen
Industries employees.
(D) It is merging with Blanen Industries.
167. Who is responsible for notifying all
employees about the policy change?
(A) Mr. Holt
(B) Ms. Walker
(C) Mr. Dehaene
(D) Ms. Suzuki
Questions 168-171 refer to the following online chat discussion.
Monica Zia (8:27 A.M.) Hi, Yuji and Sung-ho. I wonder if one of you could help me later
today. Dejani Jones was going to help, but she's going to be out of the office today.
Yuji Saito (8:28 A.M.) That's too bad. Did she say why?
Monica Zia (8:28 A.M.) She said she had a slight cold but that she should be able to work
from home on the data analyses for her clients.
Sung-ho Suh (8:29 A.M.) So, she won't be coming in at all today?
Monica Zia (8:31 A.M.) No. And Dejani and I were going to go to Willi's Market to buy
food and beverages for tomorrow's office picnic. You remember, right? Saturday at noon at
City Park. Anyhow, Dejani has a car and was going to drive us to the store and use her
credit card to purchase the supplies. I know that both of you drive to work, so I thought one
of you could help.
Sung-ho Suh (8:32 A.M.) When were you thinking of going?
Yuji Saito (8:32 A.M.) Sure. I can help, and we can use my credit card.
Monica Zia (8:33 A.M.) Around two.
Yuji Saito (8:34 A.M.) No problem. Just stop by my cubicle, and we can take my car to go
to the store.
Sung-ho Suh (8:35 A.M.) That's great, Yuji. I have several meetings this afternoon, so I
wouldn't be able to get away.
Monica Zia (8:35 A.M.) Thanks, Yuji. I'll see you this afternoon.
168. Why is Ms. Jones going to be out of the
office today?
(A) She is feeling ill.
(B) She works from home every Friday.
(C) She is meeting with clients.
(D) She is having car trouble.
169. What had Ms. Jones previously agreed to
do?
(A) Drive Ms. Zia to work
(B) Choose a location for a picnic
(C) Move to a new office cubicle
(D) Help with some shopping
170. Who most likely will purchase food and
beverages for the picnic?
(A) Ms. Zia
(B) Ms. Jones
(C) Mr. Saito
(D) Mr. Suh
171. At 8:33 A.M., what does Ms. Zia mean when
she writes, "Around two"?
(A) She needs at least two people to help
her at Willi's Market.
(B) She has reserved two tickets for an
event at City Park.
(C) She plans to meet with Mr. Suh in
about two hours.
(D) She wants to leave the office this
afternoon at about two o'clock.
Questions 172-175 refer to the following e-mail.
To: Dorota Kucharski <dkucharski@internationaltechnologicalsociety.org>
Luciano Moretti <lmoretti@internationaltechnologicalsociety.org> From:
Date: 8 August
Subject: Research results
Ms. Kucharski,
The following is a summary of what I have learned in my research about where to hold
our next annual technology conference in June of next year.
In Rome, the best option I have found is Hotel al Ponte. The total cost for conference
events there would be €31,500. — [1] —. Individual hotel rooms would cost €80 per night
for participants. In the event that attendance is high, we could also house participants in
the nearby Hotel Milvio at €120 per night. -[2]-
I also looked into hotels in Genoa and Florence, but I could not find any that would be
much cheaper in overall conference costs. — [3] —. More importantly, I am concerned
that the greater cost of flights to those smaller cities could discourage some attendees.
Rome, on the other hand, has affordable direct flights from most European cities. - [4] -
It will also be more affordable for our colleagues coming from Buenos Aires.
If you would like to pursue the Hotel al Ponte option, I will provide a detailed write-up of
the anticipated costs and of the amenities offered by the hotel.
Best.
Secretary,
Luciano Moretti
 International Technological MMOREAD Society
.
172. What is the main purpose of the e-mail?
(A) To book travel for a conference
(B) To compare possible venues for a
conference
(C) To request a budget increase for
organizing a conference
(D) To inquire about the cost of attending a
conference
173. What is indicated about the conference?
(A) It is for professionals in the travel
industry.
(B) It takes place every year.
(C) It is usually held in Buenos Aires.
(D) It will occur in August.
174. What is true about Hotel Milvio?
(A) It is more expensive than Hotel al
Ponte.
(B) It is usually fully booked.
(C) It has locations in Genoa and Florence.
(D) It has more rooms than Hotel al Ponte.
175. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?
"The savings to host the conference in one
of those cities would be €500 at most."
(A) [1]
(B) [2]
(C) [3]
(D) [4]
.
Questions 176-180 refer to the following Web page and online review.
https://www.centraluniversity.edu/nutrition/newsletter
Home Customer Service Subscribe Account Log In
Central University Health Newsletter—Your Guide to Nutrition and Well-Being
Tips on healthful eating are available almost everywhere-from TV shows to online
cooking forums. It's often difficult to know whether the advice you encounter is based
on scientific evidence. That's why the Central University Health Newsletter is
indispensable. Each month, it delivers informative, easy-to-understand articles that
summarize findings by researchers at the Central University School of Nutrition. For
example, last April's issue evaluated nutritional supplements that are sold in
supermarkets. The back page features our Ask an Expert column, in which the director
of the School of Nutrition answers readers' questions.
A one-year subscription is $20 and includes online access to all previous issues.
We also offer a 10 percent discount on your first subscription renewal. What's more,
subscribers receive our free weekly "Healthy Living" e-mail update, which includes
special reports plus links to videos and podcasts.
To get started, simply go to our Subscribe page and follow the instructions.
https://www.centraluniversity.edu/nutrition/newsletter/reviews
Publication: Central University Health Newsletter
★★★★★
Reviewed by: Ari Kipp
Date posted: August 4 VEBSITE
This is my second year subscribing to the Central University Health Newsletter, which I
read cover to cover. I'm particularly impressed with the Ask an Expert column, and I
always learn something new. This month, for instance, Dr. Stella Booth gives a surprising
answer to the question of which pasta is most nutritious. I didn't know that bean-based
pasta even existed, much less how much fiber it contains. I tried it and will never go
back to regular pasta. My sole complaint is that the newsletter is only twelve pages long!
176. What is the purpose of the Web page?
(A) To explain the reason for a price
increase
(B) To increase the size of the audience for
a publication
(C) To recruit volunteers for a research
project
(D) To sell nutritional supplements
177. In the Web page, the word "delivers" in
paragraph 1, line 4, is closest in meaning to
(A) presents
(B) transports
(C) guides
(D) claims
178. What is true about Mr. Kipp?
(A) He is a health-care professional.
(B) He received a 20 percent discount on a
subscription.
(C) He gets nutrition tips from a television
program.
(D) He gets a weekly e-mail from Central
University.
179. What is indicated about the Central
University School of Nutrition?
(A) It creates lesson plans for local
teachers.
(B) It is headed by Dr. Booth.
(C) It offers online cooking classes.
(D) It has a job opening for a researcher.
180. According to the online review, what is a
weakness of the newsletter?
(A) The limited range of topics
(B) The complexity of the articles
(C) The lack of photographs
(D) The overall length
Questions 181-185 refer to the following invoice and e-mail.
Brit-Revision Editing Services Invoice
Freelance Editor: Lisa Yamashita
Invoice Date: 30 September
Address: 178 Upsala Road
LONDON
E16 1DЈ
Contact: (020) 7946 0612
lisa.yamashita@bluesun.co.uk
Stashcash ID: Lisa. Yamashita8
Client Name
Eddie Kent
Ben Gallagher
Project Description Date Completed Time
University thesis editing 5 September 2 hours
Grant proposal editing 9 September 10 hours
Lydia Quinn of Hyden Interiors Marketing copy editing 17 September 8.5 hours
Winona Rogers
Tony Withers
Journal article editing 22 September 2 hours
CV and cover letter editing 28 September 2.5 hours
To: Lisa Yamashita <lisa.yamashita@bluesun.co.uk>
Claudio Aguilar <caguilar@britrevision.co.uk>
1 October
From:
Date:
Subject: Your recent invoice
Dear Lisa.
Thank you for sending your invoice for services rendered in the month of September.
want to commend you on your superb start as one of our independent freelance editors.
Our clients had nothing but positive things to say about your work. As you know, we do
not dictate how you structure your workday; instead, Brit-Revision (BRV) guidelines
require simply that deadlines be met and that work quality be maintained. You have done
both admirably.
Also, we will pay you for an additional 30 minutes of work that you did for Mr. Kent. Не
reported that you did consulting work for him over the phone on a short oral presentation
that he created. As for the work that you did for our long-standing corporate client Lydia
Quinn, you will see on your receipt that we have paid you at a higher hourly rate.
I have initiated the transfer of £750 into your Stashcash account. The funds should appear
in your account by tomorrow morning.
Sincerely.
Claudio Aguilar
Accounts Payable, Brit-Revision Editing Services
181. What client of BRV's is most likely seeking
new employment?
(A) Mr. Gallagher
(B) Ms. Quinn
(C) Ms. Rogers
(D) Mr. Withers
182. What does the e-mail indicate about
Ms. Yamashita?
(A) She can set her own hours.
(B) She visits the BRV office every week.
(C) She must find new clients for BRV.
(D) She will be eligible for a job promotion
soon.
183. Acсording to the e-mail, what did
Ms. Yamashita NOT include on the invoice?
(A) A change of address
(B) An additional task
(C) A project end date
(D) An account number
184. For what project will Ms. Yamashita earn
the most per hour?
(A) The university thesis
(B) The grant proposal
(C) The marketing coрy
(D) The journal article
185. When can Ms. Yamashita expect a
payment to arrive?
(A) On September 28
(B) On September 30
(C) On October 1
(D) On October 2
.
Questions 186-190 refer to the following e-mails and instructions.
To: New Employees
From:
Date:
Hemi Amos <hamos@motmanmotors.com>
June 8
Subject: Welcome to Motman Motors
Attachment: Information
Dear New Employees.
Welcome! We are thrilled that all of you are joining Motman Motors.
New-employee orientation for all is on June 10 from 9:00 A.M. to 12:00 noon. Please
report to the proper room in the Pimzler Building on our campus as indicated below.
I will come around to each room to meet the new employees briefly.
Marketing and Customer Service: both groups report to room 320.
Engineering: report to room 215.
Technology Services: report to room 158.
I can confirm that the employee paperwork has been finalized for most of you, so at this
point we just need to ensure that your Motman Motors portal account is set up using the
employee identification number recently sent to you and that your bank account
information is entered there. Please follow the attached instructions to complete this final
step. It should not take any more than fifteen minutes, and I ask that you do this by
June 17. Don't hesitate to reach out if you have any questions.
Welcome aboard!
Hemi Amos
Human Resources. Motman Motors
Please follow these steps to create and activate your new Motman Motors portal account.
Go to https://motmanmotors.com/portal/activation to begin.
1. Go to the "New User Registration" page and enter your employee ID number.
2. Your name and address will appear. Confirm that this information is correct.
3. A new screen titled "Bank Account" will appear. Fill in your bank account information.
4. Finally, you will be asked to select two security questions and provide the answers.
Once you have created your account, your account will become active, the payroll
department will be alerted, and your payment schedule will be set. Please e-mail
Mr. Hemi Amos at hamos@motmanmotors.com if you have any difficulties or questions.
To: Hemi Amos <hamos@motmanmotors.com>
From: Karuna Dimaano <kdimaano@motmanmotors.com>
Date: June 9
Subject: Trouble with Motman Motors portal
Dear Mr. Amos,
Thank you for the kind welcome e-mail yesterday.
I am trying to set up my Motman Motors portal account, but I seem to be having trouble
with my employee ID number. Each time I put the information into the system, I get an
error message. I might not have the right number. Can you please advise me on how to
address this?
I also have another question. Will the orientation include any information for newcomers
to San Antonio? I am excited to start exploring everything here that this great city offers.
I look forward to meeting you tomorrow in room 215 in the Pimzler Building.
Thank you,
Karuna Dimaano
186. According to the first e-mail, what was
(A) An advertisement
(B) An application form
(C) An employee ID number
(D) Directions to an office complex
187. According to the first e-mail, what is the
deadline to complete an online task?
(A) June 8
(B) June 10
(C) June 15
(D) June 17
188. What step is Ms. Dimaano having trouble
with?
(A) Step 1
(B) Step 2
(C) Step 3
(D) Step 4
189. What department will Ms. Dimaano join?
(A) Marketing
(B) Customer Service
(C) Engineering
(D) Technology Services
190. In the second e-mail, what is suggested
about Ms. Dimaano?
(A) She has just graduated from university.
(B) She has met Mr. Amos before.
(C) She is concerned about finding a
building.
(D) She has recently moved to San
Antonio.
Questions 191-195 refer to the following e-mail, invoice, and memo.
To:
From:
Date:
Subject:
Felix Herman <felixh@videogenieproductions.com>
Sapna Mathai <smathai@thehospitalequipmentco.com>
September 17
Notes on rough cut of video
Attachment: Information
Dear Mr. Herman.
Thank you for sending the rough version of the informational video for our new Fluorolook
Imager. I think that the video looks great so far. It clearly demonstrates why the Fluorolook
is the best medical imaging device available. I have just a few notes before you proceed to
create the final version.
At 20 seconds: Could you insert a short timeline of the history of The Hospital
Equipment Company? I have attached the relevant information to this e-mail.
At 1 minute: I had a hard time seeing the details of the control panel in this scene.
Could you please replace it with a close-up shot?
At 2 minutes: The sequence in which the medical technician positions the patient
and adjusts the machine moves too quickly. Can this be slowed down?
I look forward to seeing the final version on September 23. As always, thank you and your
colleagues at Video Genie Productions for the excellent work.
Sincerely,
Ms. Sapna Mathai, Project Manager
The Hospital Equipment Company
D
The Hospital Equipment Company
Invoice 9984
Billing date: October 25
Installation date: October 26
Bill to:
All-City Hospital
3 Shoreline Road
Clear Lake, Minnesota 55319
Quantity Item Number Description Unit Price Total
2 62630 Fluorolook Imager $242,300 $484,600
Delivery and Installation $2,350
Total $486,950
MEMO
To: All The Hospital Equipment Company Employees
From: Marcia Oliver, Vice President of Sales
Date: October 27
Re: Good work!
Congratulations on the successful launch of the Fluorolook Imager! The
Hospital Equipment Company has made its first sale-to a hospital in
Clear Lake. And MDP Delivery has informed us that the two devices have
been delivered.
I would especially like to commend Ms. Mathai. She was instrumental in
getting us to this point. The administrator of the hospital that made the
purchase, Mr. Fabrice Lamontagne, credited his decision to the
informational video. He remarked that the video effectively demonstrated
why the Fluorolook Imager was the right device for his medical institution.
191. What is attached to the e-mail?
(A) Details about an invoice
(B) Reviews of Video Genie Productions
(C) A timeline for completing a project
(D) A graphic outlining a company's history
192. Why does Ms. Mathai want to replace the
scene at 1 minute?
(A) Some content is not clearly visible.
(B) Some equipment is labeled incorrectly.
(C) The video of the scene moves too
quickly.
(D) The medical technician speaks too
quietly.
193. What does the invoice indicate about the
Fluorolook Imagers?
(A) They were sold at a discount.
(B) The delivery was free of charge.
(C) The purchaser ordered two of them.
(D) They were installed on October 25.
194. Whom does Ms. Oliver specifically praise?
(A) A medical technician
(B) A hospital administrator
(C) A project manager
(D) A video producer
195. Where does Mr. Lamontagne most likely
work?
(A) At MDP Delivery
(B) At Video Genie Productions
(C) At The Hospital Equipment Company
(D) At AlI-City Hospital
Questions 196-200 refer to the following packing slip and e-mails.
From: Reina Olive Oil Company
Calle Tablas 820
18002 Granada, Spain
Order Date: 28 November
Order Number: SK6224
Packing Slip
To: Best Products Supermarket
241 Yeonhae-ro, Jung-gu
Incheon 22382, Republic of Korea
Item Number Description Quantity
EVO160 750-millilitre extra-virgin olive oil standard size glass cruet
with handle
15 cases
EVO161 1-litre extra-virgin olive oil family size glass bottle 20 cases
EVO162 1.5-litre extra-virgin olive oil chef size glass bottle 10 cases
EVO163 3-litre extra-virgin olive oil bulk size Reina logo tin 5 cases
EV0001 50-millilitre extra-virgin olive oil December sample size
Celebrate the season with us! Place your next order by 31 January to receive 10 percent off.
2 cases
To:
From:
Date:
Subject:
Dear Mr. Nadal:
*E-mail*
Pablo Nadal <pnadal@reinaoliveoilcompany.es>
Min Hae Seong <seongmh@bestproductssupermarket.co.kr>
12 December
Order number SK6224
We appreciate your fulfilling our recent order of extra-virgin olive oil so quickly.
Unfortunately, there is a small issue with the shipment, and we need your assistance.
While nothing was damaged or missing, the 3-litre bulk size containers were delivered
in error.
We would like to arrange to send these products back. Please inform us how to proceed.
Thank you.
Min Hae Seong
Receiving and Distribution, Best Products Supermarket
To:
From:
Date:
Subject:
Dear Ms. Seong,
Min Hae Seong <seongmh@bestproductssupermarket.co.kr>
Pablo Nadal <pnadal @reinaoliveoilcompany.es>
14 December
RE: Order number SK6224
I apologise for the error in order number SK6224. We have determined that your order
was accidentally combined with another in our electronic database. Unfortunately, we are
unable to restock any items that have left our warehouse. Therefore, you may keep the
additional olive oil and sell it in your stores. Also, you will receive a refund for the extra
charge within the next five to ten business days because of our mistake.
We are currently celebrating peak olive season by offering 10 percent off of your next
order. Also, during our Olive Harvest Festival in December, every shipment includes
samples of our company's classic olive oil that we encourage you to give to your shoppers
with our compliments.
We hope to continue providing Best Products Supermarket with the finest olive oils.
Sincerely yours,
Pablo Nadal
Export Division Manager, Reina Olive Oil Company
196. What is the purpose of the first e-mail?
(A) To place an order
(B) To inquire about delivery costs
(C) To discuss a shipping mistake
(D) To make a payment
199. What does Mr. Nadal mention he will do for
Ms. Seong?
ERS
197. What item number does Ms. Seong refer
to?
(A) EVO160
(B) EVO161
(C) EVO162
(D) EVO163
198. What does the second e-mail suggest
about Reina Olive Oil Company?
(A) It is seeking new clients.
(B) It cannot accept returns.
(C) It is owned by Mr. Nadal.
(D) It distributes more than olive oil.
(A) Begin an investigation
(B) Send some company brochures
(C) Arrange for a refund
(D) Send a revised bill
200. Why was item number EVO001 included in
the shipment?
(A) To recognize and celebrate a festival
(B) To introduce a company's new product
(C) To replace an item that was out of stock
(D) To resolve an issue with a company's
database
เฉลยข
อถ
เว
บไซต

ให้เลื

อนลงไป เลือกชุดที

ต้องการดูเช่น ชุดเทาเทา
จะเจอหน้านี

กดเลือกเลย
ว่
าจะชุดเล่ม
ไหน
เทา เล่ม 4
ดูที

หน้านี

เลื

อนลงมาเรื

อยๆ เจอ
แน่นอนงับบ
ยด
ยดจะต
องด
ในแอพครบ
IOS จะแยกพารท
อ่าน พารท
อันนี

จะเป็
นแอพของ Android จะรวม
พารท
อ่าน พารท
์ ฟังในแอพเดียวกัน
ทําข้อสอบในแอพได้เลย
แบ่งทําควิ
ซ ทําควิ
ซแยกพารท
ที

ไม่
ถนัดได้
าตอบได้- มีสรุปคํ
าศัพท
ครังที

ทําข้อสอบ
วอย
าง Feature ในแอพ
ทําข้อสอบในแอพได้เลย
แบ่งทําควิ
ซ ทําควิ
ซแยก
พารท
ที

ไม่ถนัดได้
คํ
าศัพท
เฉลยไว้
อ่านต่อ
ปล Audio ไฟล
ได้ด้วยนะ
วอย
าง Feature ในแอพ
มีบันทึกคะแนนที

ทํา คํ
านวณ
คะแนนให้ด้วยนะ
มีคํ
าศัพท
์ให้ด้วย
มีให้ฝึกทํา CBT ในแอพ
TOEICREADING
เฉลยข
อถ
เว
บไซต

ให้เลื

อนลงไป เลือกชุดที

ต้องการดูเช่น ชุดเทาเทา
จะเจอหน้านี

กดเลือกเลย
ว่
าจะชุดเล่ม
ไหน
เทา เล่ม 4
ดูที

หน้านี

เลื

อนลงมาเรื

อยๆ เจอ
แน่นอนงับบ
ยด
ยดจะต
องด
ในแอพครบ
IOS จะแยกพารท
อ่าน พารท
อันนี

จะเป็
นแอพของ Android จะรวม
พารท
อ่าน พารท
์ ฟังในแอพเดียวกัน
ทําข้อสอบในแอพได้เลย
แบ่งทําควิ
ซ ทําควิ
ซแยกพารท
ที

ไม่
ถนัดได้
าตอบได้- มีสรุปคํ
าศัพท
ครังที

ทําข้อสอบ
วอย
าง Feature ในแอพ
ทําข้อสอบในแอพได้เลย
แบ่งทําควิ
ซ ทําควิ
ซแยก
พารท
ที

ไม่ถนัดได้
คํ
าศัพท
เฉลยไว้
อ่านต่อ
ปล Audio ไฟล
ได้ด้วยนะ
วอย
าง Feature ในแอพ
มีบันทึกคะแนนที

ทํา คํ
านวณ
คะแนนให้ด้วยนะ
มีคํ
าศัพท
์ให้ด้วย
มีให้ฝึกทํา CBT ในแอพ

READING TEST
In the Reading test, you will read a variety of texts and answer several different types of reading
comprehension questions. The entire Reading test will last 75 minutes. There are three parts, and
directions are given for each part. You are encouraged to answer as many questions as possible
within the time allowed.
You must mark your answers on the separate answer sheet. Do not write your answers in your test
book.
PART 5
Directions: A word or phrase is missing in each of the sentences below. Four answer choices are
given below each sentence. Select the best answer to complete the sentence. Then mark the letter
(A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
101. The town council must be given advance
notice of---to official historic structures.
(A) modifications
(B) modifying
(C) modified
(D) modifies MEMM
102. Upon its founder's retirement, the
magazine published a special article on
------ achievements.
(A) he
(B) him
(C) his
(D) himself
103. Many restaurants have ----- been using
mobile apps to manage their staff work
schedules.
(A) successfully
(B) succeeding
(C) succeeded
(D) successes
104. Mena Hotel has prospered mainly because
its management understands to
create comfortable spaces for guests.
(A) yet
(B) how
(C) about
(D) that
105. Ms. Cox's computer is -----old that it
cannot run the new teleconferencing
software.
(A) too
(B) soon
(C) enough
(D) so
A
106. Focus group participants are instructed
------- the group's discussions confidential.
(A) keeping
(B) keeps
(C) to keeр
(D) having kept
107. Visit our Web site to learn the sources of
the ingredients used-------our products.
(A) from
(B) to
(C) in
(D) up
108. Donors to nonprofit organizations receive
-----tax benefits under the province's new
tax policy.
(A) dominant
(B) generous
(C) enthusiastic
(D) respective
109. ------ the renovation of its office is
completed, most Montes Corporation
employees will be working remotely.
(A) Finally
(B) During
(C) Around
(D) Until
110. The Steppville Star Award honors citizens
who have made ---- contributions to the
community.
(A) meaningful
(B) mean
(C) meaning
(D) meaningfully
111. The Drayton supermarket chain claims that
the-------of its frozen foods is carried out
via state-of-the-art refrigerated trucks.
(A) variety
(B) transport
(C) appraisal
(D) freshness
112. The Lytleton Historical Archives prohibits
the-----of its collection by visitors.
(A) photocopier
(B) photocopying
(C) photocopied
(D) photocору
113. Even though the company has been
outperformed by competitors in recent
years, it is still --.
(A) profit
(B) profited
(C) profitably
(D) profitable
114. Market research shows that most people
-Hardwood Gym's membership fee
pricing very reasonable.
(A) appreciate
(B) consider
(C) agree
(D) view
115. Regardless of -----goods are being stored
116.
there at the moment, the warehouse must
be secured at night.
(A) either
(B) while
(C) whether
(D) following
The social media platform Connectra
deletes all of the data associated with -
user accounts after one year.
(A) inactive
(B) indirect
(C) unlikely
(D) unmistakable
117. The ability to broadcast live video through
Showvia is the platform's most -
requested feature.
(A) potentially
(B) sharply
(C) perfectly
(D) heavily
118. An efficiency consultant could help us --
parts of our production process that should
be simplified.
(A) identify
(B) prevent
(C) ensure
(D) excel
119. There is------- more skilled at attracting
positive media attention than our new head
of public relations.
(A) other
(B) anyone
(C) whoever
(D) no one
120.----- the projector in the conference room
broke down, the IT team was able to fix it
before the meeting was scheduled to start.
(A) Unless
(B) Besides
(C) Although
(D) Amid
121. Ms. Cardenas is trying to improve her
career--- by earning additional
qualifications.
(A) intentions
(B) prospects
(C) selections
(D) obstacles
122. Many reviews of Silver Sword give special
praise to its director for the thrilling action
scene ----- the end of the film.
(A) near
(B) except
(C) like
(D) upon
123. The interior decorator explained that
measuring the lobby's dimensions--
was an important part of her planning
process.
(A) highly
(B) precisely
(C) extremely
(D) identically AEMM
124.--- its limited collection of artworks, the
Zielinski Museum consistently attracts
remarkable numbers of visitors.
(A) Among
(B) Along with
(C) In spite of
(D) Rather than
125. Now that Mr. Jo----from the firm,
another attorney at South Bay Law Group
is overseeing our legal affairs.
(A) departing
(B) has departed
(C) to depart
(D) depart
126. The state environmental agency has made
------- progress in reducing air pollution.
(A) impressively
(B) impressed
(C) impressive
(D) impressions
127. Please draw up a list of alternative dinner
venues ----the clients do not want to go
to the Italian restaurant.
(A) after all
(B) apart from
(C) which
(D) in case
128. ----- the popularity of the résumé writing
workshop, the library will decide whether to
hold other events for job seekers.
(A) Depending on
(B) Just as
(C) Not only
(D) Provided that
129. No other salesperson at Jinkwang
Laboratories can speak------ about the
advantages of its medical devices than
Vincent Cobb.
(A) persuasive
(B) persuasively
(C) most persuasive
(D) more persuasively
130. Whitlow Engineering---- a summer
internship program for university students
for the past five years.
(A) is conducting
(B) will be conducting
(C) has been conducting
(D) would have been conducting
PART 6
Directions: Read the texts that follow. A word, phrase, or sentence is missing in parts of each text.
Four answer choices for each question are given below the text. Select the best answer to complete
the text. Then mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
Questions 131-134 refer to the following article.
(May 19)-Meat substitutes, which are plant-based foods with meat-like tastes and textures,
are currently enjoying a boom nationwide. The market for such products grew nearly 50% in the
past year, and they can now be found in a --- range of settings, from supermarket shelves to 131.
fast-food restaurants.
A major reason for this trend is changing consumer 132.affected by concern about the
environmental impact of livestock farming. According to Ivan Ortega, spokesperson for the Plant
Based Food Association, the lower prices and better taste of newer meat substitutes have
contributed Mr. Ortega believes that this sector of the industry will only continue to grow 133.
in the future. 134.
131. (A) total
(B) broad
(C) constant
(D) numerous
132. (A) to prefer
(B) preferably
(C) preferring
(D) preferences
WE 133. (A) as well
(B) already
(C) so far
(D) mainly
134. (A) Furthermore, his health has improved
since the removal of meat from his diet.
(B) His association also includes makers of
dairy alternatives such as soy milk.
(C) Therefore, he feels the process for making
meat substitutes is too complex.
(D) In fact, he predicts that substitutes will
equal meat in popularity within 15 years.
Questions 135-138 refer to the following letter.
5 February
Lou Spellman
Senior Project Manager
North Perth Developers
349 Doyle Street
North Perth WA 6006
Dear Mr. Spellman,
Thank you for your invitation to bid for the contract for Stonefield Apartments. Enclosed you will
find our bid, which-the price for which we could install the desired plumbing and a
135.
prospective timeline. I believe you will find it to be a very attractive 136.
We are currently finishing up the installation of all plumbing in the four-story Nowlin Hotel 137.
on schedule and under budget.---- that, we equipped all 32 restrooms of the Rishley Center 138.
with reliable touchless sinks and toilets.
It would be my pleasure to speak with you about our bid or the Packard & Bowers crew. I can
be reached at 9291 4998.
Sincerely,
Bella Packard
Packard & Bowers Plumbing
Encl.
135. (A) specify
(B) specified
(C) specifies
(D) is specifying
136. (A) design
(B) proposal
(C) building
(D) appliance
137. (A) The bid invitation said that the deadline for
submissions is 6 February.
(B) The computer-generated image of the
complex on your Web site is stunning.
(C) I would also like to highlight our recent
work on similar projects.
(D) My business partner is familiar with your
company.
138. (A) Prior to
(B) After
(C) Instead of
(D) Concerning
Questions 139-142 refer to the following e-mail.
To: Nate Hopkins <nate.hopkins@genmail.com>
From: Akari Kaneko <a.kaneko@flurry.com>
Date: July 27
Subject: Announcement
Dear Mr. Hopkins,
I am sorry to announce that the Flurry app will cease 1Ron September 1. From that date, it 139.
will not be possible to stream, download, or listen to podcasts through Flurry. Also, you will no
longer have access to data associated with Flurry account, such as downloaded 140.
episodes, lists of favorite shows, and listening preferences. If you would like to save this
information and export it to another podcast app, pleasethe instructions at www.flurry. 141.
com/help/394. 142. . Questions may be directed to the Flurry customer service center, which
will remain open through September 1. We apologize again, and thank you for using Flurry until
now.
Sincerely,
Akari Kaneko
President, Flurry, Inc.
139. (A) operate
(B) operated
(C) operative
(D) operations
140. (A) my
(B) their
(C) your
142. (A) Otherwise, no action is necessary on your
part.
(B) Afterward, Flurry should run more
smoothly.
(C) Our new parent company offers its own
podcast app.
(D) We see you have not downloaded the
most recent update.
(D) our
141. (A) unveil
(B) consult
(C) refer
(D) contact
Questions 143-146 refer to the following article.
OAKRIDGE (November 22)-Oakridge authorities were notified yesterday that intercity
express bus operator Swiftbus --- service to its stop in the city. The company specified 143.
December 1 as the effective date of the change. Located in front of Oakridge Plaza,
the soon-to-bestop was added to the line running between Bealett and Knappton earlier 144.
this year. In the notice, Swiftbus cited low ridership as the reason for the decision. 145. 146.
also expressed a willingness to reestablish service to the city if there is an increase in demand
in the future.
143. (A) will be halting
(B) has been halting
(C) has halted
(D) is halted
144. (A) granted
(B) inspected
(C) expanded
(D) discontinued
146. (A) Hе
(B) It
(C) Some
(D) We
EMMOREAD
145. (A) The route has been served up to twice daily,
depending on the day.
(B) Oakridge officials are seeking more ways to
improve its transit services.
(C) The plaza has since become the cultural
center of Oakridge.
(D) Both destinations have strong manufacturing
industries.
SITE
Questions 149-150 refer to the following e-mail.
E-Mail message Π
From: Niran Chaiya
To: Rebecca Briggs
Subject:
Date:
Attachment:
Information
January 25
List
Dear Ms. Briggs,
As I promised in our phone conversation, attached you will find a list of available houses
and apartments in Bangkok. All ofthe properties fit the criteria you provided and are priced
within your company's rental allowance for relocated executives. I have included details
such as square footage and amenities, as well as interior photos and neighborhood maps.
Please review the list and tell me which property you prefer so that I can begin preparing
the necessary paperwork. Some of these places are quite desirable, so I recommend acting
quickly.
Please call me if any questions come up.
Sincerely,
Corporate Relocation  Specialist
Chao Phraya Services
149. What is one purpose of the e-mail?
(A) To describe some of the difficulties of
relocation
(B) To promote a new benefit for
executives
(C) To arrange payment of an allowance
(D) To supply information on housing
options
150. What is Ms. Briggs asked to do?
(A) Confirm a timeline
(B) Communicate a preference
(C) Visit some properties
(D) Collect some documents
PART 7
Directions: In this part you will read a selection of texts, such as magazine and newspaper articles,
e-mails, and instant messages. Each text or set of texts is followed by several questions. Select the
best answer for each question and mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
Questions 147-148 refer to the following notice.
STATON GRILL CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS
UPCOMING WEBINAR
Topic: Customer Satisfaction
Speaker: Manuel Rios, founder of Rios Restaurant Consulting and
author of Front of House: The Importance of Hospitality in
Restaurants
Date:
Venue:
19 September, 10:00 A.M.
www.v-meet.co.uk (Event ID: 093 657 893)
This Webinar is mandatory for Staton Grill employees who interact
directly with patrons. Computer access is required. Please join by 9:55 to
prevent delays.
147. Who will most likely attend the Webinar?
(A) Kitchen staff
(B) Menu developers
(C) Servers and cashiers
(D) Potential franchise owners
148. What are attendees asked to do?
(A) Use a company computer
(B) Read a book beforehand
(C) Provide a personal ID code
(D) Enter the Web venue early
Questions 149-150 refer to the following e-mail.
From:
To:
Subject:
Date:
Attachment:
E-Mail message
Niran Chaiya
Rebecca Briggs
Information
January 25
List 0
Dear Ms. Briggs,
As I promised in our phone conversation, attached you will find a list of available houses
and apartments in Bangkok. All of the properties fit the criteria you provided and are priced
within your company's rental allowance for relocated executives. I have included details
such as square footage and amenities, as well as interior photos and neighborhood maps.
Please review the list and tell me which property you prefer so that I can begin preparing
the necessary paperwork. Some of these places are quite desirable, so I recommend acting
quickly.
Please call me if any questions come up.
Sincerely,
Corporate Relocation
 Specialist
Chao Phraya Services
149. What is one purpose of the e-mail?
(A) To describe some of the difficulties of
relocation
(B) To promote a new benefit for
executives
(C) To arrange payment of an allowance
(D) To supply information on housing
options
150. What is Ms. Briggs asked to do?
(A) Confirm a timeline
(B) Communicate a preference
(C) Visit some properties
(D) Collect some documents
Questions 151-152 refer to the following instructions.
Don't have time to go to your local Songmin clinic for a minor medical issue?
E-visits are a convenient way to get help wherever you are. Simply follow these
steps:
1. Go to our Web site (www.songminhealth.com) and sign in.
2. Hover your mouse over the "E-visits" tab and select "Start an E-visit" from the
drop-down menu.
3. Answer the questions on the resulting form about your symptoms and concerns.
Be as clear and specific as possible. Submit the form.
4. Check your e-mail inbox for the response from a Songmin doctor. It may include
advice, a referral for testing, or a prescription for medication.
5. If you do not receive a response within two business hours, or if there is a change
in your symptoms, please call our assistance line at 1-800-555-0138.
SONGMIN HEALTH
151. Who are the instructions most likely
intended for?
(A) Healthcare patients
(B) Clinical doctors
(C) Medical records clerks
(D) Technical support providers
152. What is the reader asked to do?
(A) Give clear recommendations
(B) Respond to an e-mail message
(C) Fill out a document online
(D) Make an appointment in advance
Questions 153-154 refer to the following text-message chain.
Yi-Seul Kwak [1:16 P.M.]
Stacy, are you back from lunch yet?
Stacy Ulrich [1:17 P.м.]
Yes, I'm at my desk. What's up?
Yi-Seul Kwak [1:18 Р.м.]
I'm at the store picking up supplies for the
office, and I need a favor. You know those
yellow notepads that the lawyers like to use?
I just realized I'm not sure how many of
them we have left.
Stacy Ulrich [1:19 P.м.]
OK, I'll find out. Where should look?
Yi-Seul Kwak [1:20 P.M.]
They're in a box in the supply room.
Stacy Ulrich [1:22 P.M.]
The supply room is full of boxes.
Yi-Seul Kwak [1:23 P.M.]
Oh, right. It's on a bottom shelf near the door,
and "Bynum, Inc." is printed on the sides.
Stacy Ulrich [1:24 P.м.]
I found it. There's only one notepad in here.
Yi-Seul Kwak [1:25 P.M.]
That's definitely not enough! I'm glad I checked.
Thank you, Stacy!
153. What problem does Ms. Kwak have?
(A) She will be unavailable to accept a
delivery.
(B) She is uncertain about an inventory
level.
(C) She cannot locate some supplies.
(D) She is unable to use her desk.
154. At 1:22 P.M., what does Ms. Ulrich imply
when she writes, "The supply room is full of
boxes"?
(A) She needs a more detailed description.
(B) Ms. Kwak should not make a purchase.
(C) She cannot find space for some
objects.
(D) Ms. Kwak will have to organize the
room.
Questions 155-157 refer to the following job posting.
Trail Ride Associate Needed
Morris Falls Guest Ranch is seeking a horseback riding enthusiast to assist with
our popular trail ride program for guests. Duties of this full-time position include
teaching guests how to prepare horses for rides, leading small groups of riders
along trails on and near the ranch, and handling general horse-care tasks in our
barn.
Applicants must be able to demonstrate high-level horseback riding skills. Other
qualifications include having done at least six months of paid or volunteer work
in a horse barn and possession of a cheerful, friendly personality. Weekend
availability is a must, and the successful candidate should expect to be scheduled
for at least one weekend shift per week.
To apply, send an e-mail entitled "Trail Ride Associate Application - (your name)"
to contact@morrisfalls.com with your résumé and a short cover letter attached.
For details and photographs of our horse barn and horseback-riding trails, visit
www.morrisfalls.com/riding.
Morris Falls Guest Rarch
155. The word "handling" in paragraph 1, line 4,
is closest in meaning to
(A) touching
(B) performing
(C) training
(D) selling
156. What is NOT mentioned as a requirement
for the job?
(A) A special physical ability
(B) Familiarity with a certain region
(C) Experience with some of its duties
(D) Specific character traits
157. According to the job posting, why should
readers visit the ranch's Web site?
(A) To learn about its facilities
(B) To submit an application
(C) To see other job listings
(D) To read about its history
Questions 158-160 refer to the following form.
RESERVATION CONFIRMATION
AUTRY CAR RENTAL
1200 Weaver Street, Stolton
www.autrycarrental.com
Customer Service Line: 1-800-555-0176
Customer: Russell Lam
Mobile Phone: 1-314-555-0141
Address: 450 Spring Drive, Huntley
Rental Details
Vehicle:
Rental Branch / Date:
Return Branch / Date:
Mileage Cap:
Driver:
Charges
Clavince C70 Sedan
Branham/ December 8
Lucasville / December 10
450 miles (150 miles/day)
Russell Lam
Description
Vehicle rental
Amount
$168.72 ($56.24/day x 3 days)
Delivery of vehicle to
customer's home
$30.00
Total: $198.72
Deposit Paid Upon
Reservation:
$59.62
Balance Due Upon
Vehicle Return:
$139.10
158. What is indicated about the rental terms?
(A) The price per day varies.
(B) Two customers are allowed to drive.
(C) There is a limit on the driving distance.
(D) There is a charge for last-minute
reservations.
159. Where will a customer begin driving the
vehicle?
(A) In Stolton
(B) In Huntley
(C) In Branham
(D) In Lucasville
160. What amount will Autry Car Rental receive
on December 10?
(A) $59.62
(B) $139.10
(C) $168.72
(D) $198.72
Questions 161-163 refer to the following press release.
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Contact: Alberto Gutierrez, a.gutierrez@viga.com
VANCOUVER (13 July)-VIGA is proud to announce the purchase of eight Noonan
N250 airplanes. - [1] -. The planes' delivery in approximately two years will bring the company's total fleet size to 156 aircraft, the third largest among Canadian carriers.
The deal is the latest in VIGA's long and successful relationship with Noonan.
- [2] -.At the same time, it marks the addition of a new and exciting model to the
carrier's fleet, as well as a step towards its sustainability goals.
The Noonan N250 features the sophisticated TF8 turbofan engine, which provides
excellent fuel efficiency and emits little carbon dioxide. The TF8 also has a lower noise
footprint than other engines, affording travelersa peaceful in-cabin experience.
-[3]-. A single-aisle plane, each N250 can carry a total of 130 passengers.
VIGA intends to use the planes to add new international service routes between its hub in
Vancouver and airports in the United States. - [4] -. Depending on demand, it may also
increase the frequency of existing flights.
161. What most likely is VIGA?
(A) A commercial airline
(B) An airplane manufacturer
(C) An airport management company
(D) A pilot training facility
162. What is indicated about the airplanes?
(A) They are built in overseas plants.
163. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?
"The specific destinations to be involved
have not yet been determined."
(A) [1]
(B) [2]
(C) [3] (B) They were recently delivered to a
buyer. (D) [4]
(C) They are relatively quiet in flight.
(D) They use a particular type of fuel.
Questions 164-167 refer to the following article.
The Power of Solar Canopies
By Leslie Rodgers
Solar canopies are arrays of solar panels
that rise high enough above the ground
to allow people and vehicles to pass
beneath them. They are most commonly
built over parking areas, and are suitable
for any type of place with such a facility,
from universities to shopping malls.
-[1]- Installing a solar canopy brings
advantages such as lower electricity bills
and a reputation for being environmentally
conscious, in addition to making the
parking area more pleasant for drivers by
providing shade and shelter from rain and
snow.
Those who are interested in adding
a solar canopy to their parking area
will need to start by determining a few
conditions. - [2]-. These include the
budget for the project, the ideal area the
canopy would cover, and the height at
which it must be set.
Next, decisions must be made about
the particular solar technologies that
will be used. - [3] -. A solar energy
consultant can explain the advantages and
disadvantages of the options available. In
addition, anyone considering investing in
a solar canopy should check a database of
renewable energy incentives for helpful
public policies such as sales tax exemptions
or installation subsidies. - [4]-
164. For whom is the article mainly intended?
(A) Aspiring entrepreneurs
(B) Makers of public policy
(C) Property owners
(D) Landscape architects
165. What is NOT a stated benefit of solar
canopies?
(A) They offer. protection from weather
conditions.
(B) They reduce consumption offossil
fuels.
(C) They decrease energy expenses.
(D) They positively affect an
establishment's reputation.
166. According to the article, what can a
consultant discuss?
(A) The steps in an installation process
(B) The best way to use a database
(C) Possible locations for a solar canopy
(D) Characteristics of some technologies
167. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?
"For example, buyers currently have a
choice of three types of battery for storing
the captured energy."
(A) [1]
(B) [2]
(C) [3]
(D) [4]
Questions 168-171 refer to the following e-mail.
To:
From:
Subject:
Date:
Attachment:
Hello everyone,
E-Mail message
All Staff
Sherry Cohen
CEO visit
Monday, April 21
Doc 1
I am sorry to announce that this week's branch visit from our CEO, Mr. Saito, has been
shortened to just one day, Wednesday. It seems an urgent matter has come up that will require
him to stay at headquarters tomorrow.
Obviously, this means I've had to make adjustments to the itinerary for the visit; see the
highlighted sections ofthe attachment. Most notably, the on-site reception for Mr. Saito will be
held at 5 P.M. instead of during working hours. Please make an effort to attend, even if it means
rescheduling an after-work commitment. Additionally, several of our planned presentations
will need to be condensed, and the one on the market for staffing services in the hospitality
industry has been cancelled altogether.
I apologize for the difficulties arising from these last-minute changes. Still, let's make a good
impression on Mr. Saito by accepting them with professionalism and flexibility.
Sherry Cohen
Director, Averton Branch
Dunstad SITE
168. What is suggested about the CEO's visit?
(A) It will be the first at this branch.
(B) It was supposed to begin tomorrow.
(C) There is an urgent reason for it.
(D) It was announced suddenly.
169. What does Ms. Cohen ask employees do
on Wednesday?
(A) Stay past their usual finishing time
(B) Attend a preparatory meeting
(C) Help set up an event site
(D) Present some market research
170. What is most likely included with the
e-mail?
(A) An updated schedule
(B) An executive profile
(C) An edited slide show
(D) A list of food options
171. What kind of business most likely is
Dunstad?
(A) A hotel chain
(B) A medical clinic
(C) An insurance agency
(D) A job-placement firm
Questions 172-175 refer to the following online chat discussion.
Malik Hassan [10:00 A.M.]
Amanda Qiu [10:01 A.M.]
Brian Cook [10:01 A.M.]
Amanda Qiu [10:02 A.M.]
Malik Hassan [10:03 A.M.]
Brian Cook [10:04 A.M.]
Malik Hassan [10:06 A.M.]
Amanda Qiu [10:07 A.M.]
Malik Hassan [10:07 A.M.]
Brian Cook [10:08 A.M.]
Good morning, everyone! I know we're meeting later to plan
out the March issue, but I wanted to share some good news
with you now: Lila Bernardi has agreed to film a "10 Questions
for a Star" video for the magazine's Web site.
Wow, that's great! Judging from other interviews she's given,
I'm sure that she'llhave fun answers to the questions.
Wonderful! That should really increase awareness of the Web
site.
Definitely. She has fans in countries all over the world.
I hope this leads her recording company to consider
collaborating on features for the magazine, too.
Regalement has so many great performers on its roster.
You know, the band High Tide has an album coming out in the
summer that they'llwant to promote. If the Bernardi video
goes well, I may be able to convince Regalement to let us do a
print interview with High Tide's members.
Great idea. Malik.
OK, I'll let you both get back to work. I'm looking forward to
hearing some exciting article proposals this afternoon, though.
You certainly will! I just received a very interesting one from
Sonya Aguilar, the freelance journalist we worked with a couple
times last year.
X
172. What does Mr. Hassan announce to the
other writers?
(A) The theme for a magazine issue
(B) A change to a meeting agenda
(C) Some feedback on a recent project
(D) A positive development for their
business
173. At 10:02 A.M., what does Ms. Qiu mean
when she writes, "Definitely"?
174. What industry is Regalement in?
(A) Publishing
(B) Web design
(C) Music production
(D) Fashion
175. What will Mr. Cook most likely do in the
afternoon?
(A) E-mail a previous collaborator
(B) Oversee the filming of a promotional
video
(C) Share an idea suggested by a
freelance journalist
(A) Some content should be translated into
other languages.
(B) The Web site is a valuable marketing
tool for the magazine.
(C) A celebrity's past interviews were
entertaining.
(D) The Web site will achieve greater fame.
(D) Proofread an article written by
Ms. Aguilar
Questions 176-180 refer to the following information and e-mail.
AIM
The Staley Foundation
The Staley Foundation is proud to support the growth of small businesses through AIM, its
mentorship program for small business owners. Mentees in the program are matched with
volunteer mentors who then give ongoing expert advice at no cost. This advice focuses on
general matters such as business planning and human resources, though efforts are made to
find mentors with insight into the mentee's specific field, whether it be technology or food
service. Mentees are also eligible to participate in AIM's frequent educational events and access
its library of resources. Applications to receive mentorship through AIM are accepted on a
rolling basis. Applicants must reside in the Hamrick City metropolitan area and have launched
their business within the past 12 months. Visit www.staleyfoundation.org/aim to learn how to
apply.
About the Staley Foundation
The Staley Foundation was established in honor of Rosaline Staley by her daughter, Emily
Barrett. Ms. Staley was a groundbreaking economist and author whose works are still
frequently read in university classrooms today. The foundation's mission is to improve the
quality of life of Hamrick citizens through economic empowerment.
*E-Mail
To: Aaliyah Williams
From: Min-Woo Ma
Subject: Re: Problem
Date: April 4
Dear Ms. Williams.
I am sorry to hear that you are having trouble arranging your first meeting with your
AIM mentor. Keep in mind that spring is a busy time for landscapers. Still, one of our
staff members will speak to Mr. Finn about the issue, and ifnecessary, we will assign you
another, more responsive mentor.
Whatever happens, I hope you will attend a workshop on brand-building that we just
scheduled for May 1. The leader, Molly Tate, ran a successful interior design firm for years.
Of course, the workshop itself is intended for a general audience, but you could approach
Ms. Tate afterwards about providing some extra guidance specific to your field. Let me
know if you are interested.
Sincerely,
Min-Woo Ma
The Staley Foundation
176. What is the purpose of the information?
(A) To publicize a local opportunity for
mentorship
(B) To seek donations for a charitable
cause
(C) To report on the success of an
economic initiative
(D) To recruit volunteer workers for an
organization
177. Who is Ms. Barrett?
(A) The writer of a textbook
(B) The founder of an organization
(C) A previous participant in a program
(D) An economics professor
178. What is one reason Mr. Ma sent the
e-mail?
(A) To ask for details about a problem
(B) To give his opinion on some branding
(C) To refuse a request for reassignment
(D) To issue an invitation to an event
179. What can be concluded about
Ms. Williams?
(A) She inquired about Ms. Tate's
qualifications.
(B) She has been unable to reach Mr. Ma
by phone.
(C) She started a business less than a year
ago.
(D) She will have more free time next
month.
180. In what industry does Ms. Williams most
likely work?
(A) Technology
(B) Food service
(C) Landscaping
(D) Interior design
MOREAD
Questions 181-185 refer to the following Web page and review.
https://www.crowdview.com/search
User: Gwyneth Lim
Best Providers of Laundry Services Near Me
My Location: 680 Central Avenue, Lanham (change)
Distance Limit: 10 miles
Greenworld Cleaners
★★★★ 4.5 (18 reviews)
Special services: dry cleaning; pickup/delivery
Champion Cleaning
★★★★★ 4.5 (23 reviews)
Special services: dry cleaning; clothing alteration/repair
Barger Family Cleaners
***★4.0 (16 reviews)
Special services: dry cleaning; household linens
Greenworld Cleaners Lanham
★★★★☆ 3.5 (27 reviews)
Special services: dry cleaning; pickup/delivery
Milburn Laundry Services
★★★☆☆ 3 (9 reviews)
Special services: dry cleaning; next-day turnaround; clothing
alteration/repair
180 Pruitt Street
Embryville, OK
Distance: 4.5 miles
455 First Street
Lanham, ОК
Distance: 1.4 miles
2400 Oak Avenue
Chisholt, OK
Distance: 5.2 miles
48 Pearl Road
Lanham, ОК
Distance: 0.8 miles
364 Chester Street
Embryville, OK
Distance: 3.9 miles
User: Gwyneth Lim
My Latest Reviews
Category: Laundry Services
Posted: January 14
I recently inherited a beautiful ivory silk dress from my grandmother that had become
yellowed with age in some areas and had a small tear in the skirt. Another Crowdview
user's detailed review said that Champion Cleaning had fixed similar issues with one of
her silk items, so I brought my dress there. I am glad I did! They were able to remove the
discoloration and mend the tear so delicately that you can only notice the stitches from
a few inches away. The staff member at the counter also took the time to explain how
to store the dress properly in the future. My only complaint about Champion Cleaning is
that their excellent work comes at a high price. I would not be willing to pay that much
for care of an item that was less precious to me.
.00
181. How are the first two businesses in the list
similar?
(A) They are part of the same corporate
chain.
(B) They are located in the same town.
(C) They share the same average rating.
(D) They have received the same number
of reviews.
182. According to the Web page, what could
Barger Family Cleaners most likely do?
(A) Dry clean some clothing within 24
hours
(B) Wash a set of window curtains
(C) Transport cleaned items to a
customer's house
(D) Shorten the sleeves of a shirt
183. What does Ms. Lim say about her dress?
(A) Its color is the result of a special dyeing
technique.
(B) It has been stored in her closet for a
long time.
(C) Some of its original stitching was done
by hand.
(D) It used to belong to one of her relatives.
184. How far from Ms. Lim's location is the
business she chose?
(A) 0.8 miles
(B) 1.4 miles
(C) 3.9 miles
(D) 4.5 miles
185. According to the review, what disappointed
Ms. Lim?
(A) The prices that were charged for some
services
(B) The advice provided by an employee
(C) The accuracy of a review on
Crowdview
(D) The persistence of a problem after a
cleaning
Questions 186-190 refer to the following article, schedule, and e-mail.
Improvements to Bellamy Parkway Scheduled
(March 10)-Over the next several wecks,
the Grovert Department of Transportation
will oversee improvements to some of
Bellamy Parkway's major intersections
between Colwell Street and Hines Creek
Drive. The parkway will be widened around
each intersection to create turn lanes for both
left and right turns, and dedicated stoplights
will be added to control the left-turn lanes.
"Separate turn lanes will allow traffic
to flow smoothly instead of building up
behind cars that are waiting to make a tum,"
explained Rod Thornton, the department's
director. "As the city's population has grown,
this has become a problem, particularly
during rush hour and near Rock Hills
Elementary School." Frustrated Grovert
voters approved a short-term increase in
the city's property taxes to pay for the $1.8
million project.
During the improvements to each
intersection, two of the parkway's four lanes
will be closed to traffic in the relevant area to
provide space for work crews and equipment.
Drivers who take Bellamy Parkway
frequently should visit the Department
of Transportation's Web site to check the
roadwork schedule.
BELLAMY PARKWAY IMPROVEMENTS SCHEDULE
March 14-March 25: Colwell Street intersection
March 28-April 8: Hines Creek Drive intersection
이 April 11-April 22: Newton Street intersection
Silva Boulevard intersection April 25-May 6:
Delays or other changes to this schedule will be announced on the homepage
of the Department of Transportation's Web site.
E-Mail message
To: Lillian Magano
From: Yuriko Fujita
Date: April 7
Subject: Roadwork reminder
Hi Lillian,
I was just looking over the school calendar and noticed that the roadwork on the turnoff to our
street starts next Monday, the eleventh. Before you leave work today, could you send out an
additional reminder to parents about it? Since it will be taking place so close by, I think it will
cause more inconvenience to the school than the upgrades to other sections of the parkway
have. We should warn the parents that school buses may be a little behind schedule in the
afternoons, and that those who drive may see delays during pick-up and drop-off.
Thanks.
Yuriko Fujita
Vice Principal
186. According to the article, what is true about
the planned improvements?
(A) They are part of a pilot program.
(B) They include repairs of some damage.
(C) They will relieve traffic congestion.
(D) They are required by new safety laws.
187. What does the article mention about the
cost of the project?
(A) It will be covered by tax revenue.
(B) It will be higher than initially expected.
(C) It has not been made public.
(D) It is reasonable.
188. What will happen on March 14?
(A) Citizens will vote on a proposal.
(B) Some lanes of a street will be closed.
(C) Revisions to a schedule will be
announced.
(D) A city department will host an
information session.
189. Why did Ms. Fujita write the e-mail?
(A) To explain the meaning of a calendar
entry
(B) To list some transportation alternatives
(C) To assign a communication task
(D) To suggest delaying a pick-up time
190. What is implied about Ms. Magano?
(A) She subscribed to a mailing list.
(B) She will meet with Ms. Fujita next
week.
(C) Her child attends elementary school.
(D) Her workplace is on Newton Street.
Questions 191-195 refer to the following brochure and e-mails.
The Egmont
Situated in Wellington's Central Business District, The Egmont is one of the
city's most popular venues for private celebrations, corporate meetings,
fund-raisers, and more. Its convenient location is just a short walk away from
numerous hotels, several bus stops, and a train station.
The Egmont offers two spacious multi-purpose event rooms. The Manuka
Room is best for groups of between 100 and 200, while our grandest space,
the Kauri Room, can hold up to 300 guests comfortably. We also have two
dedicated conference rooms, the Rata Room and the Pikao Room, which have
maximum capacities of 35 and 70 people, respectively.
State-of-the-art projectors, speakers, and other multimedia equipment are
available for all of our rooms, supported by convenient in-house technical
assistance. In addition, The Egmont's catering service can make delicious,
custom fare for a variety of situations, from light refreshments to
multiple-course dinners.
First-time clients who reserve rooms for certain days and times are eligible for
a 10% discount. Visit www.theegmont.co.nz for details.
To: Aaron Jones
From: Ruth Henare
Date: 12 October
Subject: Awards dinner venue
Hi Aaron,
This morning I called The Egmont about hosting our annual awards dinner. They do have the
space and catering capacity to accommodate our entire guest list, which has grown beyond
200 people. However, the room we'd need is already booked for every Saturday evening
in November, so 11 November is no longer an option. That Sunday, 12 November, is open,
though, as is Friday, 17 November. Also, Thursday, 16 November is available at a discounted
rate.
I think we should take it. Our attendees will understand the date change if we explain that
our original venue shut down unexpectedly. I hope you'll let me know your decision soon, as
all of these dates are approaching quickly and there are many preparations still to be made.
Thanks.
Ruth
E-Mail message
To: Ruth Henare
From: Aaron Jones
Date: 12 October
Subject: Awards dinner venue
Hi Ruth,
I agree with you that The Egmont is a good choice. With our budget in mind, I've decided
that I'd like you to make the reservation for the discounted date. Thank you.
Aaron Jones
President, Wellington Commerce Council
191. What does the brochure suggest about The
Egmont?
(A) It is a short train ride from Wellington.
(B) Its staff includes an audiovisual
technician.
(C) It recently added a second restaurant.
(D) It is the site of a large yearly
fund-raiser.
192. What does Ms. Henare indicate about the
awards dinner?
(A) It will feature a buffet meal.
(B) It will honor a hotel manager.
(C) She will be unable to attend it.
(D) She is seeking a new location for it.
193. Where will the organization most likely hold
its awards dinner?
(A) In the Manuka Room
(B) In the Kauri Room
(C) In the Rata Room
(D) In the Pikao Room
194. Why is Ms. Henare concerned?
(A) Many people have declined an
invitation.
(B) There is not much time to prepare for
an event.
(C) A catering service is more expensive
than expected.
(D) She has never seen a venue in person.
195. On which date will the Wellington
Commerce Council's awards dinner most
likely take place?
(A) November 11
(B) November 12
(C) November 16
(D) November 17
Questions 196-200 refer to the following e-mails and survey excerpt.
E-Mail message
From: Slide Ace <contact@slideace.com>
To: Roy Thornton <roy.thornton@gannitt.com>
Subject: Opportunity
Date: July 10
Dear Mr. Thornton.
As valued users of Slide Ace 2.2, you and your staffare invited to participate in beta testing
of Slide Ace 2.3. This new version of Slide Ace, which we hope to release widely by the
end of year, features ReadyGo, a library of sophisticated slide templates created by design
professionals. Other major changes include dashboard reporting of helpful statistics on your
team's use of stored slides and a brand management tool that enables easy updating of your
logo and preferred color schemes and fonts across all of your presentations.
Slide Ace 2.3 can be downloaded here. We hope you will agree to be part of this exciting step
forward for the platform.
Sincerely,
Slide Ace
User: Roy Thornton ERSITE
This is the final page ofthe survey. Please add any comments here that
could help explain your answers to previous questions.
I gave the dashboard a "2" because it feels too cluttered.
Perhaps you could make it possible to customize the types
of data that are shown on the dashboard.
The new brand management tool is a great idea that will be
really helpful for our company as a quickly-evolving startup.
The only reason I didn't give it a perfect score is that Slide
Ace crashed the first time I tried it.
Thank you for your participation!
From:
To:
Subject:
Date:
Attachment:
E-Mail message
Miriam Cassidy <miriam.cassidy@slideace.com>
Nicole Liu <nicole.liu@slideace.com>
News
August 2
Aug 2 Feedback
Hi Nicole,
The latest batch of feedback on Slide Ace 2.3 has confirmed that ReadyGo is a big hit! I've
attached a breakdown of the numbers to this e-mail. Take a look and let me know if you have
any questions about the data.
I think it's now clear that it would be wise for us to invest further in ReadyGo. Specifically,
we should make plans to add to it consistently over the long term. Can we meet this week to
talk about the staffing that this would require?
Thanks.
Miriam
196. What is the purpose of the first e-mail?
(A) To issue invitations to a demonstration
(B) To explain the reasons for planned
updates
(C) To solicit suggestions for potential
services
199. What does Ms. Cassidy recommend doing?
(A) Expanding a collection of slide templates
(B) Increasing options for customizing some
graphics
(C) Simplifying the design of an information
screen
(D) To recruit a group of product testers
197. What is suggested about the survey?
(A) It is available in more than one format.
(B) Mr. Thornton will be paid for completing it.
(C) Slide Ace hired a company to administer
it.
(D) It asks participants to give numerical
ratings.
198. What is implied about Mr. Thornton's
company?
(A) It assists its clients with data analysis.
(B) It does not store many slides in Slide Ace.
(C) It sometimes changes elements of its
preferred corporate style.
(D) It frequently communicates with the public
through social media.
(D) Releasing a software version to more
people
200. What does Ms. Cassidy want to discuss with
Ms. Liu?
(A) A project timeline
(B) Potential personnel needs
(C) An upcoming client meeting
(D) Some negative feedback
เฉลยข
อถ
เว
บไซต

ให้เลื

อนลงไป เลือกชุดที

ต้องการดูเช่น ชุดเทาเทา
จะเจอหน้านี

กดเลือกเลย
ว่
าจะชุดเล่ม
ไหน
เทา เล่ม 4
ดูที

หน้านี

เลื

อนลงมาเรื

อยๆ เจอ
แน่นอนงับบ
ยด
ยดจะต
องด
ในแอพครบ
IOS จะแยกพารท
อ่าน พารท
อันนี

จะเป็
นแอพของ Android จะรวม
พารท
อ่าน พารท
์ ฟังในแอพเดียวกัน
ทําข้อสอบในแอพได้เลย
แบ่งทําควิ
ซ ทําควิ
ซแยกพารท
ที

ไม่
ถนัดได้
าตอบได้- มีสรุปคํ
าศัพท
ครังที

ทําข้อสอบ
วอย
าง Feature ในแอพ
ทําข้อสอบในแอพได้เลย
แบ่งทําควิ
ซ ทําควิ
ซแยก
พารท
ที

ไม่ถนัดได้
คํ
าศัพท
เฉลยไว้
อ่านต่อ
ปล Audio ไฟล
ได้ด้วยนะ
วอย
าง Feature ในแอพ
มีบันทึกคะแนนที

ทํา คํ
านวณ
คะแนนให้ด้วยนะ
มีคํ
าศัพท
์ให้ด้วย
มีให้ฝึกทํา CBT ในแอพ
