READING TEST
In the Reading test, you will read a variety of texts and answer several different types of reading
comprehension questions. The entire Reading test will last 75 minutes. There are three parts, and
directions are given for each part. You are encouraged to answer as many questions as possible within
the time allowed.
You must mark your answers on the separate answer sheet. Do not write your answers in your test
book.
PART 5
Directions: A word or phrase is missing in each of the sentences below. Four answer choices are
given below each sentence. Select the best answer to complete the sentence. Then mark the letter
(A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
101. Jesper Associates currently has ------- with
26 different food suppliers.
(A) contracting
(B) contracts
(C) contractor
(D) contract
105. Jennson Motors hired an ----- --new
efficiency expert last month.
102. Passengers must be at the gate -------
25 minutes prior to boarding their flight.
(A) at least
(B) as much
(C) in case
(D) by then
(A) approximate
(B) angular
(C) exceptional
(D) eventual
106. Mr. Winkel's ------ -responsibilities include
auditing and financial review of large
clients.
103. Deltran analytics software can help -------
identify issues, predict trends, and improve
business.
(A) you
(B) your
(C) yours
(D) yourself
104. The technology department------- to
purchase three new servers next year.
(A) announces
(B) thinks
(C) predicts
(D) plans
(A) accounts
(B) accounted
(C) accounting
(D) accountable
107. The prime minister greeted foreign
diplomats ------- a luncheon today in
London.
(A) at
(B) had
(C) such
(D) where
108. The management team at Ofto Corporation
offers incentives ------- employee
productivity.
(A) stimulate
(B) to stimulate
(C) will stimulate
(D) are stimulating
109. In response to customer ------, Lopez
Naturals will release a line of organic
soaps.
110.
(A) demand
(B) permit
(C) arrival
(D) account
Before the computers leave the factory,
they are ------- thoroughly to ensure they
have no defects.
(A) selected
(B) inspected
(C) attached
(D) managed
111. WRUZ Radio will broadcast a new show
------- to business news and economic
analysis.
(A) allowed
(B) prepared
(C) dedicated
(D) introduced
112. Mr. Okada met -------with AEAMMG the building
113.
manager to discuss the demolition project.
(A) frequent
(B) frequenting (C) frequently
(D) frequented
Mr. Montri politely ------- the job offer from
Barranca Shipping Company.
(A) declined
(B) decreased
(C) prevented
(D) converted
114. Written permission must ------- before using
Thavor Corporation's logo.
(A) to obtain
(B) obtained
(C) be obtained
(D) obtaining
115. ------- it is relatively small, the fitness center
at Ginder Apartments is very popular with
residents.
(A) Reasoning (B) Essentially
(C) Although
(D) Throughout
116. All communications must be approved by
the public relations director before they can
be shared -------.
(A) certainly
(B) externally
(C) deeply
(D) utterly
117. Providing precision welding to a ------- array
of industries, Mistone Metalworks recently
celebrated a century of service in Quebec.
(A) widely
(B) widen
(C) width
(D) wide
118. Mr. Kim considers punctuality a crucial
------- for all his assistants to have.
119.
(A) device
(B) type
(C) action
(D) trait
The chief financial officer has ------- the
importance of attracting new customers
next quarter.
(A) applied
(B) demanded
(C) administered
(D) emphasized
120. Sewerd Furnishings is closing some of its
showrooms because customers are -------
ordering furniture online.
(A) increasing
(B) increase
(C) increasingly
(D) increased
121. ------- construction in progress at the old
town hall building, tourist groups will not be
allowed to enter the site.
122.
(A) Now that
(B) While
(C) Even if
(D) Due to
Several drilling-technology experts will
present the results of their ------- on June
23.
(A) comprehension
(B) resolution
(C) investigation
(D) specification
123. The store had a ------- display to promote
the newest book from the best-selling
mystery author.
(A) default
(B) grateful
(C) talented
(D) massive
124. Most of the people ------- attended
yesterday's workshop have already
submitted their feedback.
125.
(A) who
(B) those
(C) whose
(D) some
126. The Klassin Group's booth at the Liberty
Architecture Expo has garnered
much -------.
(A) interest
(B) interests
(C) interested
(D) interesting
127. Save 25 percent on any printer ------- you
buy a laptop computer at Diego's
Electronics.
(A) whereas
(B) whenever
(C) such as
(D) seeing that
128. The recently adopted policy restructures the
company's debt according to a -------
five-step plan.
129.
Both tasty and healthy, the tomato salad at
Alfredi's Bistro is also large ------- to be
served as a main dish.
(A) enough
(B) fully
(C) nearly
(D) well
(A) managing
(B) manageably
(C) manages
(D) manageable
The quality assurance department needs to
hire additional staff ------- production has
increased by 50 percent.
(A) even though
(B) since
(C) because of
(D) therefore
130. Your order cannot ------- until we have
received full payment.
(A) to process
(B) be processed
(C) being processed
(D) has processed
PART 6
Directions: Read the texts that follow. A word, phrase, or sentence is missing in parts of each text.
Four answer choices for each question are given below the text. Select the best answer to complete
the text. Then mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
Questions 131-134 refer to the following Web page.
Commercial relocation may at first appear -------, but Mester Movers will work with you to make 131.
the process as simple as possible. Whether you are relocating an office, factory, or laboratory
across town or across the country, we have the people, technology, and resources to----your 132.
move with efficiency.
We take special care when packing small and delicateobjects. -------, we make sure that large 133.
items such as desks, filing cabinets, and chairs are also ready for the move by providing you with
special tags. 134.
131. (A) complication
(B) complicated
(C) complicates
(D) complicate
132. (A) handling
(B) handled
(C) handle
(D) handles
133. (A) Rather
(B) In brief
(C) In other words
(D) At the same time
134. (A) Our Moving Guide will explain how to
properly affix them.  (B) Your employer will tell you when the
move will occur.
(C) We travel on back roads to get them
moved quickly.
(D) We have a dozen moving trucks on
our fleet.
Questions 135-138 refer to the following instructions.
Purchase Order Guidelines
Mapleshades Medical Center authorizes certain employees to purchase goods and services for
company-related business. To purchase a item or service, fill out the online request form. 135.
Use the form to-a description of the item needed. Also, briefly explain why the purchase is 136.
necessary. Note that your 137.may affect subsequent decisions. If the request entails replacing
a device that is out of order, bring the matter to the attention of Mr. Rowen, head of the
Maintenance Division, before submitting the request. Please direct any questions you may 138.
have related to the purchase of office supplies and equipment to the Purchasing Department.
135. (A) specify
(B) specific
(C) specifics
(D) specifically
136. (A) view
(B) change
(C) provide
(D) find
137. (A) retirement
(B) score
(C) experience
(D) justification
138. (A) He has studied all possible options in
detail.
(B) He will determine whether such action is
warranted.
(C) It has a staff of six who service our two
office buildings.
(D) It is usually maintained on a monthly
basis.
Questions 139-142 refer to the following memo.
From: Hong Kong Princess Center Administration
To: All Princess Center residents
Date: 17 October
Subject: Higwam workers to maintain C-level elevators
-the past week you may have experienced increased wait times for our C-level elevators, 139.
which service floors 25 through 36. We have contacted Higwam, our elevator maintenance
contractor, who---- repairs in the elevator shafts. 140.
This is to alert all residents that beginning tomorrow and through the end of the week, you are
likely to see Higwam technicians working in the lobby. They are planning to work on one unit at a
time in order to keep the others operational while repairs are in progress, so for the next few
--, there may continue to be prolonged wait times. 141. 142.
For any questions, please contact our office. We apologize for the inconvenience and appreciate
your patience.
139. (A) Between
(B) After
(C) Over
(D) Inside
140. (A) was conducting
(B) will be conducting
(C) would conduct
(D) is now conducting
141. (A) hours
(B) days
(C) weeks
(D) months
WEE (A) Alternatively, you may use the service
elevator in the rear of the building.
(B) Complimentary refreshments will be
available to the workers in the lobby.
(C) Elevator repairs can be costly, which is
why we request your collaboration.
(D) Our B-level elevators suffered a
service disruption last month as well.
Questions 143-146 refer to the following article.
DAKAR (August 4)-Nentique Laboratories, Inc., announced today the development of a new
variety of organic wheat that ------- heat. Dozens of plants were cross-pollinated over many years 143.
to produce this variety, known as GR-712. It joins a growing list of ------- that can withstand high 144.
temperatures during extended dry periods. "Some farmers in regions close to the equator focus
on rice production because rice grows well in hot climates. But in the Sahara, it is too dry 145.
for much of the year," explains company spokesman Ahmad Niang. "But for a small investment in
GR-712 seeds, farmers will now be able to grow wheat in our region." This added income 146.
can, in turn, be reinvested in better machinery, which will encourage more environmentally
friendly farming practices.
143. (A) tolerates
(B) tolerable
(C) tolerate
(D) tolerating
144. (A) fuels
(B) materials
(C) vehicles
(D) crops
145. (A) exclude
(B) exclusion
(C) exclusive
(D) exclusively
146. (A) There is more rainfall in the region in
 August and September.
(B) Nentique believes diversification of this
kind will lead to greater profits.
(C) A common name for the new species
is yet to be determined.
(D) This merger will also help streamline
Nentique's production process.
PART 7
Directions: In this part you will read a selection of texts, such as magazine and newspaper articles,
e-mails, and instant messages. Each text or set of texts is followed by several questions. Select the
best answer for each question and mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
Questions 147-148 refer to the following text-message chain.
Jane Equi |10:41 A.М.]
Hi Mateo. Brian Jaffers just called to cancel tomorrow's walk-through at
721 Union Street.
Mateo Rodriguez |10:42 A.M.]
That's too bad. That apartment is just right for him. Did you reschedule?
Jane Equi [10:44 A.M.]
Yes, for Thursday, just before you show the Rockledge Place property to
the Kim family. The two sites are very close to each other.
Mateo Rodriguez [10:45 A.M.
Great. Could you please confirm the time with Ms. Kim today?
Jane Equi |10:47 A.M.
Sure.
147. Who most likely is Mr. Rodriguez?
(A) Alandscape designer
(B) An administrative assistant
(C) A human resources director
(D) A real estate agent
148. At 10:45 A.M., what does Mr. Rodriguez
most likely mean when he writes, "Great"?
(A) He is excited about the results of his
work.
(B) He is glad about his company's new
location.
(C) He is pleased with Ms. Equi's work.
(D) He is interested in contacting
Mr. Jaffers.
Questions 149-150 refer to the following notice.
Wallaby Decking
Serving Queensland and Beyond
Congratulations on your new timber deck! Follow these tips to keep it in top shape
for years to come.
Apply a coat of UV sealant annually to shield the deck from the effects of
moisture and heat.
Keep the gaps between boards free of dirt and debris. Air must flow around
and between the boards to prevent moisture buildup.
Wash the deck periodically. Use a soft-bristled brush, a hose, and a
chemical-free detergent to clean away dirt without removing the finish.
Avoid water stains and mildew. Do not allow potted plants or other large,
heavy objects to rest directly on the surface of the deck.
149. What is indicated about the boards?
(A) They should be installed in shady
areas.
(B) They are waterproof.
150. What is NOT mentioned as a tip for deck
 maintenance?
(C) They have space between them.
(D) They are sold only in Queensland.
(A) Applying a weather-resistant coating
(B) Cleaning the surface regularly
(C) Removing stains with a chemical
cleaner
(D) Keeping plants off the surface
Questions 151-152 refer to the following article.
Hapkell Industries Pairs Up
with E&T Recycling Center
June 19-The computer technology company
Hapkell Industries just announced it will begin
working with E&T Recycling Centers. This
partnership will enable consumers to
responsibly recycle computer equipment, at
no personal cost, simply by taking it to а
collection center.
"Used computers make up a rapidly growing
waste source," said CEO Indira Kapoor. "As a
major producer of computer products, we
believe it is our obligation to reuse what we
can and keep heavy metals out of the landfills.
This is what prompted us to go forward with
this initiative."
Hapkell Industries originally sponsored two
pilot E&T collection sites and, given their
success, aims to add ten more sites by year's
end. To learn more about the initiative and for
a map of current and proposed collection sites,
visit ETrecyclingcenter.com.
151. According to Ms. Kapoor, why did her
company partner with a recycling firm?
152. What is stated about collection sites?
(A) To manufacture more affordable
computer products  (A) They are not getting as much use as
expected.
(B) To follow a government environmental
policy
(B) They are no longer accepting
volunteers.
(C) To meeta responsibility as an industry
leader
(C) Their sanitary requirements are very
strict.
(D) To pursue a rewarding financial
opportunity
(D) Their locations can be found on an
online map.
Questions 153-154 refer to the following e-mail.
*E-mail*
To: Stan Anyati
From: Stella Gerraldi
Date: May 1
Subject: Café Marti
Dear Stan,
I called your shop yesterday and spoke with Andre about my vintage espresso maker. I
was surprised that he was able to find replacement parts for such an old machine. He
also re-created some parts that are no longer made. Apparently, there is a brass holder
for the manufacturer's nameplate that has not yet arrived from Italy. Once that arrives,
the restoration can be completed.
As we discussed earlier, I need the machine delivered by May 7. On May 8 we will
celebrate the tenth anniversary of the café's opening. The espresso machine has always
been our centerpiece. We use it on all our advertising. Even without the nameplate, I
need to have this vintage machine working for our celebrations.
Stella
machine?
(A) It is a symbol of the Café Marti.
(B) It has never worked very well.
(C) It was designed by Stan Anyati.
(D) It is ten years old.
(A) It has been redesigned.
(B) It will need to be re-created.
(C) The machine can function without it.
(D) The manufacturer in Italy sent it to the
wrong address.
Questions 155-157 refer to the following e-mail.
To: Department Managers
From: Margaret Langley
Date: December 27
Subject: Extended-absence greeting
Attachment: Sample message #5
Dear Managers,
In preparation for the upcoming holiday when offices will be closed, I'd like to remind
you that company policy requires each of our departments to replace the traditional
greeting on their voice messaging systems with an extended-absence greeting that will play
next week when callers are diverted to voice mail. This will involve making a new
recording, saving it to the system, and programming the system to activate the recording at
the close of our business day on Friday. Once you activate the extended-absence greeting,
it will override the traditional greeting through the holiday.
The attached document contains the text of the greeting you should record. This is the
same text we have used in the past, but as usual, the dates have been changed to reflect
the current closure. Please use this document to record your holiday greeting. Make sure
you activate it before you leave for the day on Friday.
155. What is the subject of the e-mail?
(A) A newly established company policy
(B) An improved way to access voice mail
(C) A procedure related to a holiday closing
(D) A change to the traditional shift
schedule
156. What is included as an attachment?
(A) A script to be read aloud
(B) A flyer announcing a company event
(C) Instructions for installing a new phone
(D) Transcripts of recorded customer calls
157. What is indicated in the e-mail about the
attached document?
(A) It is ready for publication.
(B) It is distributed annually.
(C) It is handed out to customers.
(D) It is intended only for new employees.
Questions 158-160 refer to the following notice.
Kimfor
Marketing Solutions
Thank you for your purchase of Kimfor Marketing Solutions e-mail software. We are
confident that this product will help you to develop your business.
As an added bonus, we are pleased to announce that free training is offered for all
of our products. These short but effective online seminars are a great opportunity for
businesses that are new to our products to ensure that they are utilizing the software
to its full potential.
Our instructors are professionals who have used our tools to grow their own businesses.
For more information and to make a reservation for a seminar, please visit our Web site
at kimformarketingsolutions.com/seminarsignup.
158. What is one purpose of the notice?
(A) To inform customers about a service
(B) To discuss a new product line
(C) To introduce a marketing instructor
(D) To remind customers of an upcoming
deadline
159. According to the notice, what qualification
do instructors share?
(A) They have worked for the company for
many years.
(B) They are experienced users of the
e-mail software.
(C) They participated in designing the
software.
(D) They work in the marketing department.
160. The word "grow" in paragraph 3, line 1,
is closest in meaning to
(A) become
(B) expand
(C) produce
(D) move

Questions 161-163 refer to the following article.
Chef and lifestyle coach Lana Watson has
announced her first foray into cosmetics
with the launch of a new skin care
business. Her Summer Garden skin care
line consists solely of products made
from organic ingredients and features
extracts from plants, fruits, and
vegetables. - [1] -.
"I've always served the healthiest
possible food in my restaurant," said
Ms. Watson. "Natural ingredients nourish
our health and beauty from the inside out.
- [2] -. My skin care line utilizes only
the vitamins and proteins in foods, such
as spinach and cucumber, and combines
them to create powerful moisturizers and
cleansers that are free from artificial
chemicals. - [3] -."
Summer Garden products are suitable for
those with dry, sensitive, or combination
skin and will be available online and at
select retail stores beginning this
September. - [4] -
161. What is the article mainly about?
(A) Local organic farms
(B) Online shopping trends
(C) A new business venture
(D) Acompany merger
162. Wtet ndkesedabou SuninerCirten products?
(A) They are suitable for all ages.
(B) They are available for purchase now.
(C) They are relatively inexpensive.
(D) They contain no artificial ingredients.
163. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?
"It seemed logical to then create products to
nurture our skin from the outside in."
(A) [1]
(B) [2]
(C) [3]
(D) [4]
Questions 164-167 refer to the following online chat discussion.
Maria Zuccarini 5:30 P.M. Hi. This is my first time using the Dubonville community chat
room. Do any neighbors have experience laying a ceramic tile floor?
Yuqiu Wang 5:35 P.M. Hi, Maria. Are you looking to do it yourself? I put in a tile floor in my
kitchen last year and did all the work myself. I regret my decision, though.
Maria Zuccarini 5:37 P.M. I want to save money, so I'd rather not hire a professional. But I've
never done a project like this on my own before.
Dennis Gurka 5:41 P.M. People who are comfortable with home repairs can lay tile flooring
if they watch videos or attend a class. But it does take effort, time, and precision.
Yuqiu Wang 5:44 P.M. In my case, I had helped a friend with a tiling project prior to working
on my own kitchen. I also watched several videos on myhomefix.com before getting started. In
the future, I'd get professional help, though.
Yuqiu Wang 5:45 P.M. Dennis, do you have experience in this area? Do you think Maria
could tackle this project without a professional?
Maria Zuccarini 5:51 P.M. Interesting. Thanks for sharing your experience.
Dennis Gurka 5:58 P.M. I have my own flooring business. Whether she can depends on
several factors. Maria, will you need to cut the tile, install a drain, or flatten an uneven floor?
Maria Zuccarini 6:06 P.M. I just need to replace a few broken tiles, but I suspect this is not a
job for an amateur. Dennis, is the business in Dubonville? Could you send me your contact information?
Dennis Gurka 6:07 P.M. It's just outside the city limits. It's called Floors Forever. The phone
is 642-555-0143.
164. For whom is the chat room intended?
(A) People who live in the same town
(B) People who attend the same online
class
(C) People who work together for a large
company
(D) People who are planning a trip together
165. At 5:35 P.M., what does Ms. Wang most
likely mean when she writes, "I regret my
decision, though"?
(A) She did not end up saving money.
(B) She should have hired a professional.
(C) She would have preferred different
tiles.
(D) She did not need to remodel her
kitchen.
166. What is probably true about Mr. Gurka?
(A) He is Ms. Zuccarini's coworker.
(B) He has broken tiles in his home.
(C) He has a lot of experience laying tiles.
(D) He is taking a class at myhomefix.com.
167. What will Ms. Zuccarini most likely do next?
(A) Go shopping for ceramic tiles
(B) Search for a video on laying tiles
(C) Return a box of broken tiles
(D) Contact a business near Dubonville
Questions 168-171 refer to the following e-mail.
To: nora.simmons@heltlx.edu
From: e.agbayani@periodicalquest.com
Date: February 28
Subject: Periodical Quest
Dear Ms. Simmons,
This is a courtesy message to inform you that your monthly Periodical Quest membership
fee for March could not be processed due to an expired credit card. To avoid any service
disruptions, please visit periodicalquest.com/useraccount and update your billing information. If you have any difficulties, I will be happy to take you through the process.
Incidentally, while reviewing your account I noticed that you are not using our full range
of services. As a member, you have unlimited online access to our library of over 3,000
journals, newspapers, and magazines. Additionally, as a professor you can also benefit
from our resources for teaching and research purposes. It would seem that you did not
complete your member profile when you signed up for our service four months ago. Please
take a moment to review your member preferences. We want to make sure that you are
taking advantage of all that Periodical Quest has to offer.
Feel free to contact me if you have any questions regarding your account. If you wish to
cancel your membership, no further action is required.
Elena Agbayani
Periodical Quest
168. Why was Ms. Simmons contacted?
(A) Anew service is now available.
(B) A payment was not processed.
(C) An order will be delivered soon.
(D) An article needs to be revised.
169. What is indicated about Periodical Quest?
(A) It charges a monthly fee.
(B) It has just doubled its journal collection.
(C) Its Web site is easy to navigate.
(D) Its customer support team is available
24 hours a day.
170. What is indicated about Ms. Simmons?
(A) She works in the field of education.
(B) She recently e-mailed customer
service.
(C) She has been a Periodical Quest
member for many years.
(D) She intends to cancel her Periodical
Quest membership.
171. Who most likely is Ms. Agbayani?
(A) A magazine editor
(B) A bank representative
(C) A computer programmer
(D) An accounts manager
Questions 172-175 refer to the following Web page.
http://www.torontoconstructionshow.ca/magazine
Annual Show Magazine Frequently Asked Questions Home
Cement & Construction Monthly is produced by the organizers of the Toronto
Construction Show. It is published online each month. There is also a special
Annual Show print edition. - [1]-.
Cement & Construction Monthly offers a mix of industry news, product reviews,
and trade show information. - [2] -. Entertaining monthly columns cover
everything from job advice to advertising strategies.
This year Cement & Construction Monthly is beginning a mission to demonstrate
our high esteem for mentors in the industry. We are asking members to nominate
individuals who have excelled in a mentoring role. - [3] -. See the link below for
information on how to nominate someone. After reviewing the nominations, we will
select the top five mentors of the year. These winners will receive a special award at
the Toronto Construction Show on November 3. - [4] —. Their profiles and photos
will appear in the December edition of Cement & Construction Monthly.
Nomination form  Links
Current year issuesREAArchive (old issues)
172. What is a purpose of the Web page?
(A) To explain a registration process
(B) To update a convention schedule
(C) To review a product
(D) To promote a trade publication
173. What new feature is being announced?
(A) A plan to honor mentors
175. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?
"This is distributed to all registered visitors
to the show."
(A) [1]
(B) [2]
(C) [3]
(D) [4] (B) An online discussion forum
(C) On-site job interviews
(D) Monthly advice columns
174. What will happen on November 3?
(A) A special news report will be shown.
(B) Awards will be given out.
(C) Election results will be published.
(D) A photo collection will be displayed.
Questions 176-180 refer to the following form and e-mail.
62nd Annual Samsville Home and Garden Show
March 31 to April 2, Samsville Conference Pavilion
Exhibitor Application
Company name: Castillo Landscape Design
Contact name: Valia Castillo
Phone: 302-555-0198
E-mail: vcastillo@castillold.com
Web site: www.castillold.com
Items/services to be exhibited:
I will display photographs, plans, and models of available outdoor design
services that my company offers.
Additional information or requests:
I would like to request a second parking pass since one of my employees
will also be attending and helping to transport materials.
NOTE: This application is not a contract and does not guarantee a booth at the show. Space
is available on a first-come basis. Once your compieted application is received, a coordinator
will contact you within five business days to finalize your reservation and payment. Discounts
for members of Samsville Home and Garden will be automatically applied at the time of
payment. Any questions can be directed to our exhibition organizer, Ms. Faye Li, at
fli@samsvillehg.org. All applications are due by January 31.
E-Mail Message
To: vcastillo@castillold.com
From: rconway@samsvillehg.org
Date: February 1
Subject: Home and Garden Show
Attachment: Contract and Invoice
Dear Ms. Castillo:
We have received your exhibitor application for the 62nd Annual Samsville Home and
Garden Show. I am attaching your contract for a booth space and your invoice at the
discounted member rate. Please return a signed copy of your contract by February 10.
Your reservation includes one walled booth with an electrical outlet, exhibitor ID tags
for you and a colleague, and two parking passes, as your request for a second parking
pass was approved. Passes are typically limited to one per booth but we will make an
exception in this case, as you are a longtime member and exhibitor at our event.
We appreciate your continued participation and support.
Regards,
Rylan Conway, Vendor Coordinator
Samsville Home and Garden
176. What is Ms. Castillo planning to bring to the
show?
(A) Pictures of gardens
(B) Sample trees and plants
(C) Sample project estimates
(D) Gardening tools
177. What is typically included in a booth
reservation?
(A) An exhibitor sign
(B) A parking permit
(C) An annual membership
(D) A directory of local vendors
178. When did Ms. Castillo most likely submit
her application?
(A) In January
(B) In February
(C) In March
(D) In April
179. What is suggested about Ms. Castillo?
(A) She works at Samsville Home and
Garden.
(B) She has lived in Samsville for ten
years.
(C) She requested an additional electrical
outlet.
(D) She will pay a reduced price for her
booth space.
180. Why does Mr. Conway make an exception
for Ms. Castillo?
(A) She is a past organizer for the event.
(B) She often participates in the show.
(C) She agreed to pay an extra fee.
(D) She submitted avery strong
application.
Questions 181-185 refer to the following Web page and e-mail.
http: //ww.projectelements.com
Team Plans About Us Resources FAQ
All of your project management needs-All in one place-All online.
Project Elements LLC develops project management software for use in companies
both small and large. Our proprietary software will serve you from start to finish,
helping your teams to communicate, schedule, and manage information.
Team Basic
Get your team of five started with our Basic solution. Task management, file sharing,
and mobile accessibility will be at your fingertips. Add 100 GB of online data storage
space in the cloud for a small additional fee.
Team Creative
This option is the best solution for small teams of up to 35 creative professionals. In
addition to all the Team Basic features, get video editing tools, graphic design software,
and 300 GB of cloud storage for all of your design needs.
Team Player
Teams of up to 50 excel with this enhanced service. Get all the features of Team Basic,
plus timelines, advanced integration with second-party platforms, and up to 400 GB of
cloud space for your team.
Team Leader
This option is best for teams of up to 100. Get all of the features of Team Player, plus
enhanced options for personalization, resource tracking, time tracking, 500 GB of cloud
space, and fast video uploads for a seamless team experience.
Need more convincing? We were recognized for our software quality with the Gold Star
Start-Up Awards by Work Winner Magazine two years in a row. To hear more about
Project Elements success stories, check out our client testimonials in the About Us tab.
To: |ebennis@projectelements.com
From:
Subject:
Date:
Dear Mr. Bennis,
jasbury@clarelcommunications.com
Project Elements Upgrade
December 5
I am the new director of digital advertising for Clarel Communications. Robert Roust, the
former director, told me how valuable the Project Elements platform has been, and I want
to explore with you a potential change in Clarel's current plan. We are presently a team of
45 but anticipate growing to 55 members over the next year. The team likes the storage
feature, but they would be interested in a plan with more than 400 GB and better
personalization options. Is there a plan that will fit our needs?
Looking forward to hearing from you,
Julia Asbury
Director of Digital Advertising
Clarel Communications
181. How would Project Elements software most
likely be used?
(A) For ordering products online
(B) For working together as a team
(C) For training new managers
(D) For monitoring social media posts
182. What is true about Project Elements LLC?
(A) It has received an industry award.
(B) It has been in business for over ten
years.
(C) It purchased Clarel Communications.
(D) It publishes a technology magazine.
183. Why was the e-mail sent?
(A) To register a product
(B) To request technical help with a product
(C) To explain a product registration issue
(D) To seek advice in choosing a product
184. Which product will Mr. Bennis probably
recommend?
(A) Team Basic
(B) Team Creative
(C) Team Player
(D) Team Leader
185. In the e-mail, the word "fit" in paragraph 1,
line 6, is closest in meaning to
(A) match
(B) agree to
(C) rely on
(D) adjust
Questions 186-190 refer to the following advertisement, e-mail, and form.
Ride Away Vehicles Summer Special
Save 15 percent off our rates* during the month of July for travel within Ireland.
Compact Car €21
Standard Car €32
Full-Size Sedan €46
Van €52
Call 020 917 1212 or book online at www.ride-awayvehicles.co.ie.
*Price advertised is the daily rate for eligible drivers, inclusive of value-added tax
(VAT) and the basic protection plan. Additional fees may apply. Please contact a
Ride-Away Vehicles representative for more information.
To:
From:
yayoiadachi@jrengineering.co.jp
info@rideawayvehicles.co.ie
Date: 14 July
Subject: Reservation confirmation - #122055
Dear Ms. Adachi,
Your car rental reservation is confirmed. Here are the details per the terms of your rental:
Pickup: 21 July, 9:00 A.M. at Ride-Away Vehicles, Shannon Airport, Shannon, Ireland
Drop-Off: 29 July, 5:00 P.M. at Ride-Away Vehicles, Cork City Centre, Cork City, Ireland
Rate: €21/day X 8 days = €168 (includes unlimited mileage and navigational system/GPS)
Model: Colaba Seasider or similar
Important Information: The driver must present a valid driving licence at pickup.
Additional charges may apply for any changes to the reservation, including changes to the
pickup or drop-off date, time, or location. A €25 service fee will be assessed for vehicles
returned without a full tank of petrol in addition to the cost of fuel.
Thank you for choosing Ride-Away Vehicles. Please call 020 917 1212 with any questions.
Ride-Away Vehicles Return Form
Completed By: Henry Riordan, Assistant Manager, Cork City Centre location
Driver Name: Yayoi Adachi
Model/Number Plate:
Colaba Seasider, 161-C-45329
Gas Tank: Half full
Kasei Adachi
Driver's Signature
Date/Time of Return: 29 July, 4:40 P.M.
Condition of Vehicle: No damage
Odometer Reading:
33,763 kilometers
186. What is Ride-Away Vehicles advertising?
(A) A free day of rental
(B) A reduced daily rate
(C) A free upgrade to a larger vehicle
(D) A waiver of additional fees
187. What will happen on July 21?
(A) A promotion period will end.
(B) A confirmation will be sent.
(C) Ms. Adachi will be at Shannon Airport.
(D) Ms. Adachi will add a driver to her
contract.
188. What does the e-mail indicate about
Ride-Away Vehicles?
(A) They operate from multiple locations.
(B) They charge a fee for the use of a
GPS.
(C) They apply a discount on rentals one
week or longer.
(D) They receive payment before
confirming a reservation.
189. What type of vehicle did Ms. Adachi rent?
(A) A compact car
(B) A standard car
(C) A full-size sedan
(D) A van
190. What is suggested about Ms. Adachi?
(A) She did not receive a GPS.
(B) She returned her car late.
(C) She did not get the car she requested.
(D) She will be charged a €25 service fee.

Questions 191-195 refer to the following product description, online review, and online response.
http://www.stylero.com/printers/RD525
Home Computers Printers Ink & Toner Accessories Support
Product: Stylero RD525 Three-in-One Printer
Price: Regularly $120.00 Now $99.99 (Offer valid March 1-March 15)
Includes one complimentary Stylero-01 (black) ink cartridge with purchase! Stylero
color ink cartridges sold separately.
The RD525 is one of our most popular models: a wireless color printer, scanner, and
photocopier in one. It's perfect for everyday printing needs in homes, classrooms,
and small offices. Though compatible with many brands of ink cartridges, we
recommend our own Stylero-brand ink, which lasts up to twice as long as other
products. A three-year warranty is available for $7.95.
http://www.loveitornot.com/productreviews/stylero/RD525
(April 3) I bought the Stylero RD525 last month for my home office. I give digital
photography lessons out of my home several nights per week and need easy access to
color prints for my students' work in my classes. I haven't had any trouble with the
photocopier or scanner, and the quality of the prints is excellent in both color and in black
and white. However, I've been experiencing delays with the printer feature at times. There
is a five-minute lag between sending my prints from the computer and when the printing
actually begins. I can't use this device for instant prints in class, or I lose valuable class
time. I wish I'd bought a different printer, or at least bought the warranty to get it
repaired!
Alicia Boisvert
http://www.loveitornot.com/productreviews/stylero/RD525
(April 5) I bought this printer for my classroom and noticed the same issue that
Ms. Boisvert described. There is a relatively simple fix though. Most printers go into
"sleep mode" to conserve energy between prints. If the length of time before entering
sleep mode is set for too short a time, there will be a delay between sending the photos
from the computer and the actual printing because the printer will need to warm up each
time. Make sure you adjust the sleep mode feature to wait at least an hour before going
to sleep. The instructions are in the manual. I always turn the printer on a few minutes
before class and it doesn't pose an issue. It's an easy adjustment and I think the RD525
is a good product for the price.
Antonio Thompson
191. What is indicated about the Stylero
RD525?
(A) It requires Stylero brand ink.
(B) It can function as a photocopier.
(C) It was sold at a discount for a month.
(D) It will be discontinued after March 15.
192. What did Ms. Boisvert most likely spend
additional money on?
(A) A monitor
(B) A three-year warranty
(C) A scanner
(D) Color ink cartridges
194. What is suggested about both Ms. Boisvert
and Mr. Thompson?
(A) They are teachers.
(B) They returned the Stylero RD525.
(C) They enjoy photography.
(D) They have printers at home.
195. What advice does Mr. Thompson give
regarding the Stylero RD525?
193. What does Ms. Boisvert say about the
Stylero RD525?
(A) It is durable.
(B) It produces good prints.
(C) It is expensive.
(D) It requires regular maintenance.
(A) Unplug it between uses.
(B) Replace its power button.
(C) Adjust one of its features.
(D) Turn it on an hour in advance.
Questions 196-200 refer to the following chart, customer query, and notice to guests.
Baardsen Laundry Machine Series
Model Load
Capacity
Loading
Door
Position
Automatic
Detergent
Pre-wash
Cycle
Dispenser
Lute 9 kg Front Yes No
Xenon 10 kg Front No No
Indium 12 kg Front Yes Yes
Mercury 14 kg Front Yes Yes
Note: Baardsen washers with a load size greater than 10 kg are outfitted with Fluxstat
water-saving technology.
Issue with Baardsen
Posted by: Patricia Canton
I bought my Baardsen washing machine five months ago for use at my bed and
breakfast inn. Overall, I have been satisfied with the appliance features. The extra
rinse cycle is helpful for guests who are sensitive to chemicals or perfumes in
laundry detergent. I needed a washer with the largest capacity so it could handle my
typical volume of bed linens and towels. The main issue with my machine has been
an annoying banging sound. It happens sometimes when the guests use the machine.
It is a problem because the laundry room is situated just off the patio where guests
often dine. I sent a message to the company asking for help and they informed me
that the load needs to be evenly distributed in the wash tub. But that didn't prove to
be the source of the problem. How can I get rid of this noise?
Patty's Bed and Breakfast Guest Services:
Kitchen:
Enjoy the lovely spring weather by taking your breakfast, served between
8:00 and 9:30 A.M., on the patio. We offer self-service for coffee and tea around
the clock. The household coffeemaker and tea kettle are next to the stove, and
supplies are stored in the cupboard nearby.
Laundry Room:
Fresh towels are provided daily and bed linens are changed weekly. If you
would like to use the washing machine, please choose the eco-saving setting.
Select your preferred temperature and power setting. When adding detergent,
make sure the detergent drawer is closed tightly before you start the machine. If
not properly secured, it may open during the rinse cycle and cause a bothersome
noise. Also, the extra-rinse option is recommended if you have any sensitivity to
laundry soap.
Patricia Canton, Proprietor
196. According to the chart, what is true about all
Baardsen laundry-machine models?
(A) They use the same water-saving
feature.
(B) They are energy efficient.
(C) They release laundry detergent
automatically.
(D) They are loaded through a door on the
front of the appliance.
197. What washing machine model did
Ms. Canton most likely purchase?
(A) Lute
(B) Xenon
(C) Indium
(D) Mercury
198. According to Ms. Canton's query, when is a
noise particularly annoying?
(A) When she uses the machine
(B) When guests of the inn are sleeping
(C) When guests of the inn are eating
(D) When the laundry dryer is also running
199. According to the notice, what is available to
guests at any time?
(A) Fresh towels
(B) Hot beverages
(C) Box lunches
(D) Refrigerators in guest rooms
200. What advice did Ms. Canton most likely
receive as a reply to her query?
(A) Avoid overloading the washing
machine.
(B) Always use the water-saving setting.
(C) Always select the extra-rinse feature.
(D) Ensure that the soap drawer is firmly
closed.
เฉลยข
อถ
เว
บไซต

ให้เลื

อนลงไป เลือกชุดที

ต้องการดูเช่น ชุดเทาเทา
จะเจอหน้านี

กดเลือกเลย
ว่
าจะชุดเล่ม
ไหน
เทา เล่ม 4
ดูที

หน้านี

เลื

อนลงมาเรื

อยๆ เจอ
แน่นอนงับบ
ยด
ยดจะต
องด
ในแอพครบ
IOS จะแยกพารท
อ่าน พารท
อันนี

จะเป็
นแอพของ Android จะรวม
พารท
อ่าน พารท
์ ฟังในแอพเดียวกัน
ทําข้อสอบในแอพได้เลย
แบ่งทําควิ
ซ ทําควิ
ซแยกพารท
ที

ไม่
ถนัดได้
าตอบได้- มีสรุปคํ
าศัพท
ครังที

ทําข้อสอบ
วอย
าง Feature ในแอพ
ทําข้อสอบในแอพได้เลย
แบ่งทําควิ
ซ ทําควิ
ซแยก
พารท
ที

ไม่ถนัดได้
คํ
าศัพท
เฉลยไว้
อ่านต่อ
ปล Audio ไฟล
ได้ด้วยนะ
วอย
าง Feature ในแอพ
มีบันทึกคะแนนที

ทํา คํ
านวณ
คะแนนให้ด้วยนะ
มีคํ
าศัพท
์ให้ด้วย
มีให้ฝึกทํา CBT ในแอพ
เฉลยข
อถ
เว
บไซต

ให้เลื

อนลงไป เลือกชุดที

ต้องการดูเช่น ชุดเทาเทา
จะเจอหน้านี

กดเลือกเลย
ว่
าจะชุดเล่ม
ไหน
เทา เล่ม 4
ดูที

หน้านี

เลื

อนลงมาเรื

อยๆ เจอ
แน่นอนงับบ
ยด
ยดจะต
องด
ในแอพครบ
IOS จะแยกพารท
อ่าน พารท
อันนี

จะเป็
นแอพของ Android จะรวม
พารท
อ่าน พารท
์ ฟังในแอพเดียวกัน
ทําข้อสอบในแอพได้เลย
แบ่งทําควิ
ซ ทําควิ
ซแยกพารท
ที

ไม่
ถนัดได้
าตอบได้- มีสรุปคํ
าศัพท
ครังที

ทําข้อสอบ
วอย
าง Feature ในแอพ
ทําข้อสอบในแอพได้เลย
แบ่งทําควิ
ซ ทําควิ
ซแยก
พารท
ที

ไม่ถนัดได้
คํ
าศัพท
เฉลยไว้
อ่านต่อ
ปล Audio ไฟล
ได้ด้วยนะ
วอย
าง Feature ในแอพ
มีบันทึกคะแนนที

ทํา คํ
านวณ
คะแนนให้ด้วยนะ
มีคํ
าศัพท
์ให้ด้วย
มีให้ฝึกทํา CBT ในแอพ

READING TEST
In the Reading test, you will read a variety of texts and answer several different types of reading
comprehension questions. The entire Reading test will last 75 minutes. There are three parts, and
directions are given for each part. You are encouraged to answer as many questions as possible within
the time allowed.
You must mark your answers on the separate answer sheet. Do not write your answers in your test
book.
PART 5
Directions: A word or phrase is missing in each of the sentences below. Four answer choices are
given below each sentence. Select the best answer to complete the sentence. Then mark the letter
(A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
101. If ------- are not satisfied with an item, return 105.
it for a full refund within 30 days of
purchase.
(A) you
(B) your
(D) yourself
(C) yours
102. The location of next month's online gaming
forum is yet to be ------
103.
104.
106.
(A) concluded
(B) prevented
(C) invited
(D) decided
Guests were ------- with the table
decorations for the company banquet.
(A) impressive
(B) impressed
(C) impressing
(D) impressively
The Shubert Company is ------- effective at
helping power plants reduce their carbon
dioxide emissions.
(A) once
(B) far
(C) early
(D) very
107.
Mr. Hodges ------- that volunteers sign up to
assist with the Hannock River cleanup by
Friday.
(A) requesting
(B) to be requested
(C) requests
(D) to request
Last year, the Daejeon English News------
the number of readers by adding a digital
subscription option.
(A) needed
(B) increased
(C) joined
(D) asked
Before the updated design can go into
-------, it must be approved by management.
(A) product
(B) producer
(C) productive
(D) production
108. The economic development summit will be
held ------- the Xi'an Trade Tower on
September 22.
(A) to
(B) at
(C) down
(D) of
109. Inclement weather was ------- responsible for
the low turnout at Saturday's Exton Music
Festival.
(A) largely
(B) large
(C) largest
(D) larger
110. Our most recent survey was sent to clients
just last week, ------- it is too soon to send
another one.
(A) when
(B) since
(C) so
(D) finally
111. ------- necklace that is shipped from Gillis
Designers is given a thorough quality check.
(A) Whenever
(B) Also
(C) All
(D) Each
112. Ms. Valdez' sales numbers are good -------
for her to be considered for the
employee-of-the-month award.
(A) forward
(B) even
(C) ahead
(D) enough
113. Aaron Park's new book features
photographs of homes designed and built by
the homeowners ---
(A) itself
(B) himself
(C) themselves
(D) ourselves
114. It is ------- for the audience to hold its
applause until the speaker has finished.
(A) enthusiastic
(B) casual
(C) exclusive
(D) customary
115. Despite ------- that Legend Air would perform
poorly with the entry of cheaper competition,
it posted strong second-quarter earnings.
(A) predicted
(B) predictable
(C) predicts
(D) predictions
116. Mr. Nigam was ------- retirement when his
boss asked him to be the head of security at
the new facility.
(A) under
(B) ahead of
(C) nearby
(D) close to
117. Main Street Restaurant offers a menu of
------- prepared lunch and dinner meals.
(A) thought
(B) thoughtfulness
(C) thoughts
(D) thoughtfully
118. ------- our public relations manager,
Ms. Ghazarian has just been appointed vice
president of media relations.
(A) Sincerely
(B) Immediately
(C) Solely
(D) Formerly
119. Videos of Korean pop music have become
very popular ------- adolescents worldwide.
(A) including
(B) whereas
(C) among
(D) within
120. Milante Shoes ------- altered the firm's
marketing strategy after a recent economic
shift.
(A) quick
(B) quickest
(C) quickly
(D) quicken
121. The annual report has been posted online,
------- the director's office has not yet
received a printed coру.
(A) but
(B) why
(C) with
(D) once
122. Hasin Fariz turned a study on the -------
effects of sleep into a best-selling book.
(A) favorable
(B) favor
(C) favors
(D) favorably
123. Wynston Containers is ------- a yearly
shutdown of its factory so that it can be
evaluated for safety and efficiency.
(A) involving
(B) participating
(C) implementing
(D) producing
124. The Girard Botanical Archive has almost
300,000 plant -------, all neatly pressed onto
archival paper.
(A) authorities
(B) specimens
(C) founders
(D) specifics WF
125. Hotels and universities are ------- to recycle
their used mattresses through the city's
recycling program.
(A) systematic
(B) eligible
(C) familiar
(D) successful
126. The ------- to review plans to replace the
Tronton Bridge will be scheduled soon.
127.
(A) heard
(B) hears
(C) hearing
(D) hear
Kovox Ltd. aims to optimize quality-------
reducing the impact on the environment.
(A) which
(B) while
(C) because
(D) unless
128. The grocery store ------- vegetables from out
of town until local prices went down last
month.
(A) is buying
(B) will be buying
(C) has been buying
(D) had been buying
129. All Hershel Industries employees must have
a valid ID card ------- enter the building.
130.
(A) in order to
(B) as long as
(C) regarding
(D) always
------- and cost factored equally in choosing
Cantavox as our main supplier.
(A) Reliability
(B) Allowance
(C) Dependence
(D) Estimation
PART 6
Directions: Read the texts that follow. A word, phrase, or sentence is missing in parts of each text.
Four answer choices for each question are given below the text. Select the best answer to complete
the text. Then mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
Questions 131-134 refer to the following letter.
Dear PGD Account Holder,
PGD Bank strives ---the highest levels of client security and service. This applies not only to 131.
online- and telephone-based services, but also to our brick-and-mortar locations. Our three
branch offices have proudly been a part of the communityaa combined total of 40 years.
To assist you even better in the future, our Smithville branch will be temporarily closed for
renovations July 8-22. -------. In the meantime, our other two regional branches in Pine Grove and 133.
Bradford will maintain normal business -------. We value your feedback and will respond to any 134.
concerns that you may have as soon as possible.
Sincerely,
La Ohae Cpeses tecepl
PGD Bank
131. (A) to provide
(B) provided
(C) providing
(D) to be provided
132. (A) except
134. (A) investments
(B) hiring
(C) hours
(D) interests
(B) amid
(C) near
(D) for
133. (A) Unfortunately, services will be limited.
(B) We thank you for trusting in PGD Bank
over these years.
(C) We apologize for any inconvenience
this may cause.
(D) Traffic on the boulevard has increased
lately.
Questions 135-138 refer to the following e-mail.
To: Samuel Archerson <sarcherson@vona.co.uk>
From: James Darrers <jdarrers@sky.co.uk>
Date: 10 January
Subject: Cost Accountant position
Dear Mr. Archerson,
Thank you for taking the time to meet with me today. I ------- our conversation, and I remain very 135.
interested in the position of cost accountant. Iwould welcome the opportunity to return for the
third and final round of ------ 136.
I am confident my years of accounting experience would benefit your firm. As discussed, over the
last ten years, I have helped many companies save a -- amount of money. I am especially 137.
adept at analysing the day-to-day operations of a business and helping to determine more
cost-effective methods. MMOREAD
I checked regarding your question about a potential start date. I hope to hear from you in 138.
the near future.
Sincerely,
James Darrers
135. (A) enjoy
(B) enjoyed
(C) enjoying
(D) will enjoy
136. (A) revisions
(B) promotions
(C) interviews
(D) receptions
137. (A) substance
(B) substantiate
(C) substantially
(D) substantial
138. (A) I have four additional questions to ask
you.
(B) I would be able to begin during the first
week of February.
(C) I am confident I have the potential for this
position.
(D) Thank you for the offer of employment.
Questions 139-142 refer to the following e-mail.
To: Mason Wu <mwu@wustudios.co.nz>
From: Trent Tuiloma <ttuiloma@canterburyairport.co.nz>
Subject: Canterbury Airport project
Date: Monday, 2 July
Dear Mr. Wu,
Thank you for agreeing to consult on the Canterbury Airport redesign project. -------.As 3 a result, 139.
I am particularly eager to hear your ideas about upgrading our main terminal.
Can we meet this week? There are a number of ------- restaurants near my office. If you are 140.
available this Friday, we could meet at Celia's Café on Cumberland Street. I would also like
a few of my colleagues to ------- us. They would appreciate ---- ways to enhance the airport 141. 142.
user's experience.
I look forward to hearing from you soon.
Sincerely,
Trent Tuiloma
MOREAD
Chairman, Canterbury Airport Redesign Team
139. (A) I can meet you when you arrive.
(B) Scheduling flights can be quite tricky. (C) I have long admired your work on
regional airports.
(D) There are several dining options at the
airport.
140. (A) excel
(B) excellent
(C) excellently
(D) excelled
141. (A) join
(B) pay
(C) remind
(D) defend
142. (A) to discuss
(B) discussing
(C) discuss
(D) discussed
Questions 143-146 refer to the following article.
SHIRESBERRY (February 15)-The second annual Shiresberry Film Festival begins on April 18
and --- "Tafor five weeks. This year's offerings will not be limited to entries from North America and 143.
Europe. We will also be presenting ------- from Asia and South America. And everyone's favorite 144.
feature from last year's festival will be back: directors and screenwriters will hold
question-and-answer sessions after their films' initial screening. Make sure you do not miss this
145. 45 event. Tickets always sell out quickly.14. Shiresberry Film Club members can now
purchase priority tickets. Visit the Shiresberry Theater box office or www.shiresberrytheater.com.
143.
144.
(A) run
(B) has run
(C) will run
(D) ran
(A) movies
(B) clothing
(C) food
(D) books
145. (A) political
(B) popular
(C) practical
(D) preliminary
146. (A) The awards will be presented by
Hunter Johns.
(B) Renovations to the space are nearly
complete.
(C) The later offerings were an even
bigger success.
(D) Sales are open to the general public  on March 3.
PART 7
Directions: In this part you will read a selection of texts, such as magazine and newspaper articles,
e-mails, and instant messages. Each text or set of texts is followed by several questions. Select the
best answer for each question and mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
Questions 147-148 refer to the following advertisement.
Sedwick Electronics Hiring Event
March 2, 10 A.M.-5 Р.м.
22 Myer Street, Hanover, PA 17331
Sedwick Electronics is opening a new manufacturing facility in Hanover, Pennsylvania,
and we need to fill many positions. We offer a wonderful work environment and great
benefits to our employees.
Come to the event and hear from employees from our Lancaster facility about their
experience, learn about the open positions, and speak with our recruiters. No RSVP
is necessary. Bring copies of your résumé.
147. For whom is the advertisement intended?
(A) Recruiters
(B) Job seekers
(C) Local business owners
(D) Current Sedwick Electronics employees
148. What is stated about Sedwick Electronics?
(A) It is moving its headquarters.
(B) It offers a training program for new
employees
(C) It requires employees to wear uniforms.
(D) It will have more than one location.
Questions 149-150 refer to the following notice.
Aguni Plumbing Supply Returns
Beginning March 1 at all Aguni Plumbing Supply locations, customers
will be able to come to our stores to return purchases made online. For
a complete refund, the return must be made within 30 days of purchase
and must be accompanied by a receipt. In addition, the merchandise
must be returned in the original packaging, and all components must
be included. After 30 days, refunds will be limited to in-store credit only.
Defective items may be exchanged for the same item only.
149. What will happen on March 1?
(A) A shipment will be returned.
(B) A new policy will go into effect.
(C) A promotional sale will take place.
(D) A customer survey will be published.
150.
What is NOT a requirement for a complete
refund?
(A) The return must be made at the original
purchase location.
(B) The return must be made within a
certain time frame.
(C) The item must be returned with all its
components.
(D) The item must be returned in the
original packaging.
Questions 151-152 refer to the following information.
Springfield Community School
Computer Courses
Internet Safety
This course teaches students everything they need to navigate the
Web safely.
Course ID Class Time Instructor Room
249800: 01 Tuesday 5:30-7:30 P.м. Patrick McCann 211
249800: 02 Saturday 1:00–3:00 р.М. Nora Farid 166
Spreadsheet Basics
This course teaches the basics of online spreadsheets. Students will learn
how to create effective charts for calculating and analyzing data clearly
and easily.
Course ID Class Time Instructor Room
225810: 01 Thursday 5:30–8:30 P.M. Remi Sanders 118
| 225810: 02 Sunday 1:00-4:00 р.м. Nora Farid 315
151. Why would people enroll in the course
taught by Ms. Sanders?
(A) To practice designing Web sites
(B) To improve their Internet searches
(C) To get tips on creating spreadsheets
(D) To learn how to advertise on the
Internet
152. What is indicated about Ms. Farid?
(A) She also teaches children.
(B) She is Ms. Sanders' supervisor.
(C) She teaches twice a week.
(D) She used to work as a data analyst.
Questions 153-154 refer to the following text-message chain.
Sally Witham (4:47 P.M.)
Hi Wakiko. I just finished up here at
the Kyoto store. I'll be on the train
that arrives in Tokyo at 11:35 tomorrow
morning. How should I get to your
location?
Wakiko Ohara (4:48 Р.M.)
I'll have an associate pick you up at the
station. How do things look in Kyoto?
Sally Witham (4:49 P.М.)
The Kyoto store is doing a great job.
It has everything that we at the home
office are looking for. Athletic shoes
and sandals are displayed according to
specifications, and sales associates are
friendly and knowledgeable.
Wakiko Ohara (4:51 Р.М.)
You should like things here, too. Do
you want to begin your visit after lunch,
say at 2:00?
Sally Witham (4:52 P.М.)
Sounds good. See you tomorrow.
..ו..1
153. Why did Ms. Witham contact Ms. Ohara?
(A) To review sales figures
(B) To arrange a store visit
(C) To discuss employee performance
reviews
(D) To determine the most convenient train
to take
154. At 4:51 P.M., what does Ms. Ohara most
likely mean when she writes, "You should
like things here, too"?
(A) The Tokyo store is being run according
to corporate policy.
(B) Ms. Witham will find the athletic shoes
she needs.
(C) Ms. Ohara's associate is always
punctual.
(D) The Tokyo store is located next to a
popular restaurant.
Questions 155-157 refer to the following report.
Structure: Blaine River Drawbridge
Main span material: Steel girder
Ageof structure: 30 years
Location: Ridgeline Highway, KM 147
Owner: State Highway Agency
Report completed by: Vivian Tulio
Date: October 17
Notes:
The bridge is overall structurally sound. Inform Department of Transportation about
small cracks in asphalt.
Bridge component Rating Key to ratings
Support elements 4 1 Failed; immediate closure required
Towers 4
Road surface 3
Drainage features 4
2 Deteriorated; may fail soon
3 Shows deterioration but still functions within
acceptable parameters
4 Shows minor wear
5 New condition Safety barriers 5
6 Not applicable
Sidewalk or walkway 6
155. What did Ms. Tulio most likely do?
(A) Make repairs
(B) Hire a contractor
(C) Perform an inspection
(D) Authorize a construction plan
VEB
156. What part of the structure is in most need of
maintenance?
(A) The support elements
(B) The road surface
(C) The drainage features
(D) The safety barriers
157. What is probably true about the Blaine
River Drawbridge?
(A) It was not designed for pedestrian use.
(B) It will be closed for the month of
October.
(C) It does not have the required signage.
(D) It is the oldest bridge on the Ridgeline
Highway.
Questions 158-160 refer to the following article.
Subway Sound to be Upgraded
BOSTON (April 1)-The public address
systems at selected subway stations are
scheduled to be refurbished, the Transit
Authority announced this week. The systems
are used to make announcements to
commuters both on the platforms and in the
stations.
Local commuters welcomed the news,
although for some it was long overdue.
"It can be pretty difficult to understand
the announcements at some of the stations I
use most frequently," said Ian Miller, who
has taken the subway to work nearly every
week for the past eighteen years. "I had
heard the reports about it on TV, and all I can
say is that it is about time!"
Some of the systems currently in use are
more than 30 years old. Worn-out speakers,
wiring, microphones, and amplifiers will be
replaced with new, more reliable devices.
The work should be completed in October
and cost more than $11 million.
Boston's subway system came together
in stages over the course of several years.
The foundational component of the system's
Green Line first opened on Tremont Street in
the late 1890s. It was the first of its kind in
the United States.
158. What is the purpose of the article?
(A) To clarify where subway riders can
locate information
(B) To describe improvements at some
subway stations
(C) To announce the creation of a new
subway line
(D) To explain why subway schedules will
be revised
159. How does Mr. Miller feel about the plans?
(A) He expects the project to fail.
(B) He is concerned about the cost.
(C) He believes the work is unnecessary.
(D) He has been waiting for the changes.
160. The word "stages" in paragraph 5, line 2,
is closest in meaning to
(A) steps
(B) scenes
(C) train cars
(D) platforms

Questions 161-163 refer to the following e-mail.
To: All Staff
From: Selene Hong
Date: March 25
Subject: Reminder
Dear Staff,
I would like to draw your attention to several new procedures regarding business trip
expense reports. - [1] -. Beginning next month, business-related dining receipts must be
accompanied by a listing of each dinner attendee. Also, please make sure that you do not
include receipts for any non-work-related items or activities with your report. - [2]
Finally, note that our accounting software will now automatically calculate for you the
total to be reimbursed. You need only to upload images of your receipts for the software to
do this.
I will be happy to respond to your questions. — [3] —. However, I will be flying to Tokyo
this Friday to meet clients, so I will not be checking e-mail that day. - [4] -
Sincerely,
Selene Hong
Assistant Director, Human Resources Department
Datoric Systems READ
161. What is indicated about Datoric Systems?
(A) It has increased the spending amount
allowed for business dinners.
163. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?
(B) It will adopt new procedures for filing
travel expense reports.
(C) It has office locations in several
countries.
"Following these steps will enable us to
quickly issue your reimbursement
payment."
(D) It plans to hold a company celebration. (A) [1]
(B) [2]
162. Why is the accounting software mentioned? (C) [3]
(A) To highlight a special capability it has (D) [4]
(B) To encourage staff to install it
(C) To help employees log on to it
(D) To point out that it will be replaced
Questions 164-167 refer to the following article.
E-Commerce Opening Doors for
African Fashion Industry
ADDIS ABABA (6 May)-Africa's role as a
consumer of fashion has been on the rise in
recent years. This trend is largely due to the
emergence of e-commerce, which provides
Africans the opportunity to buy clothing
from retailers with no physical presence on
the continent.
Perhaps more importantly, though, the
growth of e-commerce is enabling smallscale African designers to also become
producers of fashion, as they showcase their
collections to consumers worldwide. African
shopping Web sites like Jumjum and Longa
are making the work of African designers
available for purchase not just throughout
the continent, but also as far away as London
and New York. - [1] -
"African designers are finally gaining
visibility," says Mazaa Absher, founder of
Abbi Sportscore, Africa's fastest-growing
athletic footwear company. "We have always
had terrific design and production capacity
here on the continent, but it was hard getting
it out into the world. Now we are generating
more sales online than we are in our stores.'
-[2]-.
Even as Ms. Absher has transformed her
company into an international powerhouse,
she continues to highlight the advantages of
manufacturing its products in her home city
of Nazret. — [3] –. Africa's strong textile
sector and innovative designs combine
tradition and wearability, and this formula is
allowing companies like hers to set their
sights beyond the continent.
"As more cities in Ethiopia-and all
over Africa-improve their manufacturing
capacity, it will become easier to reach the
rest of the world," says Ms. Absher.
- 14] -.
164. What is the main topic
EMMOREAD
 of the article?
(A) New trends in marketing athletic
footwear
(B) Increased competition in the African
clothing market
(C) Recent growth in the African fashion
industry
(D) The largest clothing companies in
Africa
165. What is indicated about Abbi Sportscore?
(A) It sells its products only online.
(B) It manufactures its shoes in Nazret.
(C) It will be moving its main offices soon.
(D) It was the first shoe company in
Ethiopia.
B
166. What is suggested about the Jumjum and
Longa Web sites?
(A) They sell only handcrafted goods.
(B) They receive orders from around the
world.
(C) They offer free shipping to London and
New York.
(D) They are planning to open retail stores.
167. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?
"The city boasts four garment factories, with
a fifth scheduled to be built this year in
nearby Wonji."
(A) [1]
(B) [2]
(C) [3]
(D) [4]
Questions 168-171 refer to the following text-message chain.
Gary Park (10:23 A.М.)
I e-mailed you the cover design for our September issue a few minutes ago.
Did you receive it?
Jill Riley (10:26 A.M.)
Yes, but is this the latest version? I thought we agreed that the background
color should be lighter so the article titles are more visible.
Gary Park (10:28 A.М.)
I forgot-sorry about that! I'm just now sending the file with the most recent
version.
Jill Riley (10:30 A.М.)
Opening it now... That's more like it. I'll forward it to Graphics and request
a sample printout.
Jill Riley (10:35 A.М.)
Good morning, Mr. Ojeda. Our new cover design is ready. When do you
think you'll have a chance to work on it?
Frank Ojeda (10:38 A.M.)
Send it to me now. I'll have a print copy ready for your approval after lunch.
168. Where do the people most likely work?
(A) At a bookstore
(B) At a public library
(C) At a television studio
(D) At a magazine publisher
169. Why does Mr. Park apologize?
(A) He sent the wrong file.
(B) He used an old e-mail address.
(C) He missed a project deadline.
(D) He lost an important document.
170. At 10:30 A.M., what does Ms. Riley most
likely mean when she writes, "That's more
like it"?
(A) The budget is more reasonable.
(B) The color looks better.
(C) The story is more interesting.
(D) The schedule is more realistic.
171. What will Mr. Ojeda do by the afternoon?
(A) Approve a marketing plan
(B) Produce a sample
(C) Repair a printer
(D) Make copies of an agreement
Questions 172-175 refer to the following letter.
8 February
Ms. Mala Chelvi
60 Jalan Tun Razak
54200 Kuala Lumpur
Dear Ms. Chelvi,
We are delighted to inform you that you have been nominated as a finalist for the
Small Business Challenge competition this year. Now in its fifth year, this competition is designed to highlight innovative products and services launched by
young entrepreneurs. The Web application that you developed, which provides a
means of matching charitable organizations with volunteers, earned one of the top
scores from our panel of judges.
In the next round of the challenge, you will participate in a live presentation about
your product before a panel of expert judges. The three people with the best
presentations will receive one-time grants of MYR 10,000 each to invest in their
businesses.
Please go to sbc.org/competition and submit an outline of your presentation, a brief
video that clearly illustrates the use of your application, and a passport-sized
photograph of yourself. You will also need to sign a consent form allowing us to use
your name and photo, if needed, in promotional materials on our Web site. The
deadline for submission of these materials is 10 March.
Best regards,
Felix Pang
Felix Pang
Chairperson, Small Business Challenge Committee
172. What is the purpose of the letter?
(A) To seek volunteers for an event
(B) To notify a contest finalist
(C) To sell business consultation services
(D) To offer a small-business loan
173. What does Ms. Chelvi most likely
specialize in?
(A) Law
(B) Technology
(C) Finance
(D) Marketing
174. The word "illustrates" in paragraph 3, line 2,
is closest in meaning to
(A) represents
(B) translates
(C) lightens
(D) decorates
TE
175. What is Ms. Chelvi asked to do by
March 10?
(A) Update a Web page design
(B) Give a presentation
(C) Sign a consent form
(D) Pay a fee
Questions 176-180 refer to the following e-mail and receipt.
To: riedewald@parasur.net.sr
From: client_services@mhf.ca
Date: April 2, 12:21 P.M.
Subject: Your feedback
Dear Mr. Riedewald,
Thank you for filling out the McMann Home Furnishings (MHF) survey. To show our
appreciation, we have added reward points to your account. They can be applied to the
purchase of products offered online as well as those offered in our retail stores. Clearance
items and those priced $15.00 and above may not be purchased using credits.
To use your reward points for an online purchase, select the items you would like to
purchase and then check out. At the bottom of the page, select "Apply credits." The value
of the applied credits will appear on your order receipt asa a special discount.
If you would prefer to use reward points at one of our retail locations, you can do so by
logging in to your account on our Web site. Go to the My Rewards page, and then select
"Print as a coupon." The coupon will have a bar code that can be scanned at the store's
checkout counter.
Sincerely,
Client Services, McMann EMMOREAD Home Furnishings
Online Order #1157
McMann Home Furnishings Store
March 19, 11:31 A.M.
Hand-Painted Picture Frame
Quantity: 1
Price: 10.00
Special Discount: -10.00
Sailboat Ceramic Mug
Quantity: 4
Price: 40.00
Clearance Discount: -20.00
Floral Blanket
Quantity: 1
Price: 25.00
Photo Album
Quantity: 1
Price: 34.00
Seasonal Item Discount: -17.00
Item total: 62.00
Shipping: Free
Total: 62.00
176. According to the e-mail, how did
Mr. Riedewald receive reward points?
(A) He won an online contest.
(B) He participated in a customer survey.
(C) He spent a certain amount of money.
(D) He returned an item.
177. In the e-mail, the phrase "filling out" in
paragraph 1, line 1, is closest in meaning to
(A) emptying
(B) supplying
(C) completing
(D) expanding
178. How can customers apply their reward
points in an MHF retail store?
(A) By entering their account number
(B) By entering their phone number
(C) By scanning a coupon's bar code
(D) By going to the Client Services
Department
179. According to the receipt, what is true about
Mr. Riedewald?
(A) He paid for delivery of the items.
(B) He purchased the items in the evening.
(C) He paid over $70 for all items combined.
(D) He purchased only one item at regular
price.
180. What item did Mr. Riedewald most likely
purchase using reward credits?
(A) The picture frame
(B) The ceramic mug
(C) The floral blanket
(D) The photo album
Questions 181-185 refer to the following letter and order.
4 December
Mr. Albert Morello
17 Peyton Avenue
Kingston 5
Jamaica, W.I.
Dear Mr. Morello:
Two Swan Press
72 Holywell Road, Edinburgh EH8 8PJ
Enclosed please find your royalty payment for Understanding Our Oceans. You should
have recently received an e-mail that listed the sales figures and the royalties due to
you for the print and electronic versions of your book.
We are proud to announce that Two Swan Press was given the Publisher of the Year
Award by the UK Book Industry in October. We thank the authors who have worked
with us since our founding five years ago.
All Two Swan Press authors are entitled to an author discount of 40 percent off any
title on our Web site. Simply use the code AUX1417 for your discount.
If you have any questions at all, please do not hesitate to contact me.
Kind regards,
Sarah Wicklin
Sarah Wicklin
Encl.
AMOREAD
https://www.twoswanpress.co.uk/orderconfirmation
THANK YOU FOR YOUR ORDER!
Special December Offer-free shipping on all orders over £35
Name: Duncan Booth
E-mail: mbooth@silvertech.co.uk
Date of purchase: 12 December
Ship to: Duncan Booth
321 Maslin St.
Coatbridge ML5 ILZ, Scotland, UK
1 Business in Our Lives by Elaine Schuyler £75.00
Discount Applied (AUX1417) -30.00
Balance Due £45.00
Paid by Credit Card ****5732
Items from multiple orders may be combined in the same package. We will notify you
when your order has shipped.
181. What is a purpose of the letter?
(A) To ask Mr. Morello to write a book
(B) To explain an enclosed contract
(C) To notify Mr. Morello of a payment
(D) To describe an updated personnel
policy
182. What was sent in a previous message to
Mr. Morello?
(A) Incorrect contact information
(B) Detailed sales numbers
(C) A list of suggested changes
(D) A link to an electronic book
183. What does Ms. Wicklin mention about Two
Swan Press?
(A) It moved to a new location in October.
(B) It has launched a new program for its
fifth anniversary.
(C) It has won an industry award.
(D) It has decided to focus on scientific
publications.
184. What is suggested about Mr. Booth?
(A) He is a Two Swan Press author.
(B) He wrote Business in Our Lives.
(C) He is an acquaintance of Mr. Morello.
(D) He has purchased items from Two
Swan Press before.
185. What is indicated about the order?
(A) It has been delayed.
(B) It has not yet been paid.
(C) It contains multiple books.
(D) It includes free shipping.
Questions 186-190 refer to the following e-mail, form, and article.
To: All Staff
From: Personnel Department
Date: June 20
Subject: Mentoring Program
Attachment: Application
Employees who have been with Broadside Electronics for less than eighteen months are
invited to apply to participate in a new mentoring program that will match a maximum of
ten junior employees with long-term company veterans. The goal is that junior employees
will sharpen corporate skills, better understand company culture, and develop a more
focused career path. Mentees will be assigned to a mentor based strictly on their work
assignment and professional interests. The pairs will meet at mutually convenient times
throughout the year, from three to five hours per month.
To be considered for participation in this initiative, complete the attached application and
return to Mentoring Program Director Tim Wrigley at t.wrigley@broadsideelec.com by
July 1. Mr. Wrigley will send notification of his selections by July 15.
MENTORING PROGRAM APPLICATION
Name: Cara Drummond
Division: Sales
Professional areas of interest:
Extension: 144
I am most interested in learning about our markets abroad and developing
my sales-presentation abilities for these international markets. I am also
interested in general career guidance.
Best workdays and times for meeting:
Any weekday morning except Monday.
The Broadside Company Newsletter
Mentoring Program Sees Results
Long-time employee and Vice President of Sales Alena Russo was
intrigued when a Personnel Department director approached her
about mentoring a less experienced employee under a program that
began last year. She is glad to have accepted the assignment. "After
working with Ms. Drummond, I am more satisfied with my own
duties, because I know I have helped a professional who is just
getting started. I only wish that I had had someone looking out for
me in my early years," remarked Ms. Russo.
Ms. Drummond explains that she "needed pointers on how to make
better sales pitches." She reports that her sales are up by 20 percent
now. She better understands the opportunities Broadside Electronics
has to offer and what is required to become a manager. "Thanks to
Ms. Russo, I have been able to define my career goals, and I am a
happier person when I arrive to work every day."
New mentorship pairs are now being formed. Interested parties
should contact Tim Wrigley in the Personnel Department.
186. What does the e-mail indicate about the
mentoring program?
(A) It is popular industry-wide.
(B) The number of participants is limited.
(C) It is designed for staff in the sales
division.
(D) Participants must attend an orientation
meeting.
187. How will the junior employees most likely
be selected?
(A) They will be chosen from a
management-training group.
(B) They will undergo competitive
interviews.
(C) They will be evaluated by Mr. Wrigley.
(D) They will be recommended by a local
business school.
188. What is suggested about Ms. Drummond?
(A) She has worked at Broadside
Electronics for less than eighteen
months.
(B) She has just transferred from another
department.
(C) She has received a positive annual
review.
(D) She has made many successful
presentations abroad.
189. What is most likely true about Ms. Russo?
(A) She is planning to retire soon.
(B) She has international sales experience.
(C) She has mentored many junior
employees.
(D) She recently joined the hiring team.
190. What benefit from the mentoring program
have both Ms. Drummond and Ms. Russo
enjoyed?
(A) Increased job satisfaction
(B) Quick promotions
(C) Paycheck bonuses
(D) Clearer career goals
Questions 191-195 refer to the following Web site, online form, and e-mail.
https://www.runklefencing.co.uk
Home Temporary Residential Commercial
Temporary Fencing Service
Need a temporary fence installed at your residence, workplace, or special event? Our
expert team will deliver and install chain-link fencing on the booked date and time.
When the fence is no longer needed, we will take it down and haul it away. Like our
residential and commercial fencing, our temporary fences are obtained from the best
manufacturers using the finest materials. Our fences have a tidy, sturdy, professional
appearance that local residents and businesses appreciate. We also see to all legally
required inspections and certifications.
Ready for a price quote? Contact us today via our Online Quote service. Be sure to
provide the following information so we can provide an accurate estimate:
1. The preferred height of your fence (Be aware that local regulations commonly
allow a maximum height of three metres.)
2. The perimeter of the area you need to enclose
3. The number of gated entrances needed
4. The number of days the fence needs to be up
Name: Marguerite Carhart Phone: (0117) 555-9102
E-mail:
Installation Address: 438 Stretford Way, Bristol BS5 7TB
mcarhart@stockporteventcentre.co.uk
Today's date: 8 August
Fence Details:
I need a temporary three-metre-tall fence installed around the Stockport
Event Centre within the next two weeks. This is to prevent the public from
entering while we make renovations from 18 to 30 August. Two gates are
needed so that workers and vehicles may enter and leave the location.
To:
From:
Date:
Subject:
mcarhart@stockporteventcentre.co.uk
hmontalbo@runklefencing.co.uk
9 August
Quote Number 080817
Attachment: fencequote_mcarhart
Dear Ms. Carhart,
Thank you for your enquiry. Please see the attached estimate for the work you requested.
Note that the price of delivery is included at no further charge unless a rush order-one
providing less than three weeks' notice-is required. This is a rough estimate based on the
information you provided. If you ring us at (0117) 555-2938 and provide us with a missing
detail, I can give you a more accurate quote.
You might also consider including a plastic curtain with your order. This would be
wrapped around and fastened to the fence, hiding the construction site from the view of
pedestrians. If this interests you, we can include it in the revised quote.
Best Regards,
Howard Montalbо
191. What does the Web site indicate about
fences taller than three meters?
192.
(A) They are made of plastic.
(B) They are usually prohibited by law.
(C) They require special transportation.
(D) They must be ordered directly from the
manufacturer.
According to the form, why does
Ms. Carhart need a temporary fence
installed?
(A) To mark a property line
(B) To draw attention to an exhibit
(C) To control a crowd at a special event
(D) To limit public access to a work site
193. What information does Ms. Carhart fail to
give about the fence she needs?
(A) The height of the fence to be erected
(B) The dates when the fence is needed
(C) The perimeter of the area to be
enclosed
(D) The number of entrances needed
194. What is implied about Ms. Carhart's fence
project?
(A) There will be a charge for delivery.
(B) The project involves work at several job
sites.
(C) Extra workers must be hired to install
the fence.
(D) Inspectors must first approve the
project.
195. Why does Mr. Montalbo recommend adding
a curtain?
(A) It would act as a noise barrier.
(B) It would help keep in dust.
(C) It would serve as a visual screen.
(D) It would improve safety conditions.
Questions 196-200 refer to the following e-mail, flyer, and schedule.
To:
From:
Daniel Rodrigues Pereira
Livia Romero
Subject: Company outing
Date: August 5
Hello Daniel,
I hope you are settling in well. I'm sure you have had a busy few weeks. Around this time
of year, the office manager typically begins arranging our annual company outing. I think
we mentioned this during your interview in June. Previously, we have done things like
going to a concert and taking a local river cruise. The outing is always great for morale,
and everyone looks forward to it.
This year, I think it would be a good idea to get tickets to a sporting event. I know that
many staff members are fans of the San Jose Starlings baseball team. It should be an evening game when the team is playing at home. We have a budget of $600.00 this year.
Looking at the ticket prices, it seems that will be just enough to get a ticket for every staff
member.
I'm sure Elise can assist you with this; she has often helped organize the outings. Let me
know if you have any questions.
Best,
Director of Administration, Loftgren Consulting
AAVEDS
Plan your next event with the San Jose Starlings!
Discounted tickets are available for groups of ten or more. The more tickets
you buy, the more you save -perfect for family gatherings, company outings,
or charity fund-raisers! Get perks such as free tickets for the organizer,
discounts on food, and your group's name displayed on the scoreboard.
Group Ticket Pricing
10 tickets $130.00
30 tickets $360.00
50 tickets $550.00
70 tickets $700.00
Contact grouptickets@sanjosestarlings.com or call 408-555-0101 for
more information.
San Jose Starlings
August Schedule
Date Day Time Opposing Team Home or Away
August 13 Sunday 1:05 P.M. Aspen Monarchs Home
August 15 Tuesday 7:05 P.M. Aspen Monarchs Home
August 19 Saturday 1:05 P.M. Philipsburg Pinstripes Away
August 22 Tuesday 7:05 P.M. Philipsburg Pinstripes Away
Purchase tickets online at www.sanjosestarlings.com/tickets.
196. Why did Ms. Romero send the e-mail to
Mr. Rodrigues Pereira?
(A) To tell him about an upcoming budget
cut
(B) To invite him to a concert
(C) To introduce him to his new assistant
(D) To ask him to arrange an event
197. What does the e-mail imply about
Mr. Rodrigues Pereira?
199. How many employees does Loftgren
Consulting most likely have?
(A) 10
(B) 30
(C) 50
(D) 70
200. On what date could Loftgren Consulting
employees attend a game?
(A) August 13
(A) He recently attended a San Jose
Starlings game.
(B) August 15
(C) August 19
(B) He will be leaving in a few weeks to go
on vacation.
(D) August 22
(C) He is a professional party planner.
(D) He recently began working for Loftgren
Consulting.
198. According to the flyer, what is a benefit of
buying tickets as a group?
(A) Reduced ticket prices
(B) Free food
(C) Front-row seating
(D) T-shirts with the team's logo
เฉลยข
อถ
เว
บไซต

ให้เลื

อนลงไป เลือกชุดที

ต้องการดูเช่น ชุดเทาเทา
จะเจอหน้านี

กดเลือกเลย
ว่
าจะชุดเล่ม
ไหน
เทา เล่ม 4
ดูที

หน้านี

เลื

อนลงมาเรื

อยๆ เจอ
แน่นอนงับบ
ยด
ยดจะต
องด
ในแอพครบ
IOS จะแยกพารท
อ่าน พารท
อันนี

จะเป็
นแอพของ Android จะรวม
พารท
อ่าน พารท
์ ฟังในแอพเดียวกัน
ทําข้อสอบในแอพได้เลย
แบ่งทําควิ
ซ ทําควิ
ซแยกพารท
ที

ไม่
ถนัดได้
าตอบได้- มีสรุปคํ
าศัพท
ครังที

ทําข้อสอบ
วอย
าง Feature ในแอพ
ทําข้อสอบในแอพได้เลย
แบ่งทําควิ
ซ ทําควิ
ซแยก
พารท
ที

ไม่ถนัดได้
คํ
าศัพท
เฉลยไว้
อ่านต่อ
ปล Audio ไฟล
ได้ด้วยนะ
วอย
าง Feature ในแอพ
มีบันทึกคะแนนที

ทํา คํ
านวณ
คะแนนให้ด้วยนะ
มีคํ
าศัพท
์ให้ด้วย
มีให้ฝึกทํา CBT ในแอพ
เฉลยข
อถ
เว
บไซต

ให้เลื

อนลงไป เลือกชุดที

ต้องการดูเช่น ชุดเทาเทา
จะเจอหน้านี

กดเลือกเลย
ว่
าจะชุดเล่ม
ไหน
เทา เล่ม 4
ดูที

หน้านี

เลื

อนลงมาเรื

อยๆ เจอ
แน่นอนงับบ
ยด
ยดจะต
องด
ในแอพครบ
IOS จะแยกพารท
อ่าน พารท
อันนี

จะเป็
นแอพของ Android จะรวม
พารท
อ่าน พารท
์ ฟังในแอพเดียวกัน
ทําข้อสอบในแอพได้เลย
แบ่งทําควิ
ซ ทําควิ
ซแยกพารท
ที

ไม่
ถนัดได้
าตอบได้- มีสรุปคํ
าศัพท
ครังที

ทําข้อสอบ
วอย
าง Feature ในแอพ
ทําข้อสอบในแอพได้เลย
แบ่งทําควิ
ซ ทําควิ
ซแยก
พารท
ที

ไม่ถนัดได้
คํ
าศัพท
เฉลยไว้
อ่านต่อ
ปล Audio ไฟล
ได้ด้วยนะ
วอย
าง Feature ในแอพ
มีบันทึกคะแนนที

ทํา คํ
านวณ
คะแนนให้ด้วยนะ
มีคํ
าศัพท
์ให้ด้วย
มีให้ฝึกทํา CBT ในแอพ

READING TEST
In the Reading test, you will read a variety of texts and answer several different types of reading
comprehension questions. The entire Reading test will last 75 minutes. There are three parts, and
directions are given for each part. You are encouraged to answer as many questions as possible within
the time allowed.
You must mark your answers on the separate answer sheet. Do not write your answers in your test
book.
PART 5
Directions: A word or phrase is missing in each of the sentences below. Four answer choices are
given below each sentence. Select the best answer to complete the sentence. Then mark the letter
(A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
101. Ms. Villanueva has extensive experience in
corporate ------- and budgeting.
(A) financially
(B) financed
(C) financial
(D) finance
105. Marina Hou ------- considered becoming an
actor before deciding to write plays instead.
102. Веcause Mr. Lewis works so ------- he was 106.
given a pay raise.
(A) bright
(B) hard
(C) tight
(D) sharp
103. Full of old-fashioned charm, the Bronstad
Inn------- offers modern conveniences.
(A) plus
(B) else
(C) also
(D) less
104. Franklin Bookstore will be moving next
month ------- a larger location on Queen
Street.
(A) to
(B) at
(C) out
(D) over
(A) briefly
(B) briefs
(C) briefing
(D) briefed
On Fixit Time's Web site, homeowners will
find economical solutions for ------- repairs.
(A) dark
(B) broken
(C) cleaning
(D) common
107. Walter Keegan was ------- hired as a
salesperson, but he soon became head of
the marketing department.
108.
(A) originality
(B) original
(C) originals
(D) originally
Durr Island has become popular with
tourists ------- its rich culture of art and
music.
(A) provided that
(B) because of
(C) even
(D) how
109. While he is not enthusiastic about the
suggestions, Mr. Shang ------- them.
(A) considering
(B) to consider
(C) will consider
(D) consider
110. The design ------- of Tavalyo Toys has been
relocated to the company's headquarters.
111.
112.
113.
(A) division
(B) specification
(C) allowance
(D) construction
The Merrick Travel Agency organizes tours
of national monuments and other ------- sites
in the St. Petersburg area.
(A) historian
(B) historic
(C) historically
(D) histories
The MHS wireless speaker not only works
with smartphones ------- is waterproof as
well.
(A) but
(B) and
(C) however
(D) besides
Assistant managers are largely responsible
for the day-to-day operations in -------
departments.
(A) theirs
(B) them
(C) their
(D) they
114. Customers must ------- review the terms of
the fitness center's membership agreement
before they sign it.
(A) smoothly
(B) probably
(C) legibly
(D) thoroughly
D
115. We made a ------- estimate of how many
tourists to expect in the coming month.
(A) conservative
(B) conservation
(C) conservatism
(D) conservatively
116. Once they have completed three years of
employment, the workers at Loruja -------
additional vacation time.
(A) reserve
(B) earn
(C) continue
(D) find
117. ------- has time at the end of the day should
make sure that all of the file cabinets are
locked.
(A) Whom
(B) Who
(C) Whoever
(D) Whose
118. North River Linens promises next-day
shipping ------- Asia.
119.
(A) without
(B) between
(C) throughout
(D) along
------- last year, the unpublished novel by
Martin Sim has attracted intense interest
from several publishing companies.
(A) Discover
(B) Discovery
(C) Discovered
(D) Discovering
120. Hoonton Realty clients can search property
listings in ------- neighborhood by using a
special online database.
(A) other
(B) several
(C) all
(D) any
121. Excеptional service is what sets our hotels
apart from those of our -------.
(A) compete
(B) competing
(C) competitive
(D) competition
122. The Internet connection will be closely
monitored ------- the source of the
slowdown can be confirmed.
(A) why
(B) until
(C) due to
(D) just as
123. Thank you for being one of Danton
Transportation's most ------- customers
over the past ten years.
(A) valuation
(B) valued
(C) value
(D) values
124. Mr. Tang is a successful recruiter because
he can quickly ------- talented sales agents
from the rest.
(A) distinguish
(B) persuade
(C) alter
(D) assist
125. Ms. Penner assured us that-------
 work
stopped during the power failure, production
targets would be met.
(A) although
(B) at
(C) her
(D) never
126. Please provide the exact dimensions of the
custom fence you would like built, and your
quote will be adjusted -------.
127.
(A) namely
(B) accordingly
(C) frequently
(D) supposedly
The vice president of Chestonville Bank
believes that ------- employees is vital to
the company's success.
(A) empowered
(B) empower
(C) empowering
(D) empowers
128. The ------- for the city council's Monday
meeting is posted on the municipal Web site
by 3:00 P.M. on the preceding Friday.
(A) catalog
(B) inventory (C) agenda
(D) record
129. The building inspector declared the new
facility ------- sound and ready to open.
(A) structured
(B) structuring
(C) structural
(D) structurally
130. Dr. Huertas received the ------- Brighton
Award for her groundbreaking work in plant
biology.
(A) overwhelmed
(B) intentional
(C) prestigious
(D) deserving
PART 6
Directions: Read the texts that follow. A word, phrase, or sentence is missing in parts of each text.
Four answer choices for each question are given below the text. Select the best answer to complete
the text. Then mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
Questions 131-134 refer to the following e-mail.
To: All Staff
From: George Ruiz
Date: Wednesday, 18 July
Subject: Important guests
Food critics from two newspapers, the Toronto Day and Toronto Rising, are expected to dine 131.
here this week. Let's make a special effort to do our work flawlessly.
Photographs of the critics will be placed at our welcome station. Using these--, hosts will be 132.
responsible for identifying the critics and telling the wait staff, who should alert the kitchen.
Servers must strive to be prompt. They should also recommend our daily specials.
133. AVEDD CITE
I am confident that everyone ------- these critics with our great food and service. 134.
Thank you,
George Ruiz
General Manager
131. (A) local
(B) locals
(C) locally
(D) more locally
132. (A) reviews
(B) issues
(C) menus
(D) images
133. (A) These are the most creative dishes we
offer.
134.
(B) We have already placed an
advertisement.
(C) Work schedules are posted by the rear
entrance.
(D) One of them was unhappy with the
timing.
(A) impressed
(B) will impress
(C) is impressing
(D) has impressed
Questions 135-138 refer to the following article.
Cherville Simplifies Local Tourism
10 May-The city of Cherville boasts charming architecture and a breathtaking countryside that
has long been appreciated by residents. Thanks to the recent introduction of a train service,
tourists are now able to ------ 125 the city as well. As a result of Cherville's rise in popularity, existing 135.
tourism-related businesses are booming. 136.
To help tourists and businesses, the Cherville Commerce Bureau has debuted the Citycard. When
swiped, the card automatically applies-- at local businesses and attractions. The Bureau 137.
believes that the Citycard will please tourists, who will benefit from lower prices. the card 138.
should encourage retail traffic, leading to increased profits for businesses.
135. (A) revisit
(B) enjoy
(C) depart MEMM 137. (A) discounts
(D) bypas
(B) discounted
(C) to discount
(D) discounting
136. (A) Furthermore, the architect will be 138. (A) Instead
building a tower.
(B) The mayor will be giving a welcome
speech.
(C) The train allows locals to travel more
easily.
(D) In fact, restaurants and hotels keep
opening.
(B) Until then
(C) At the same time
(D) Despite that
Questions 139-142 refer to the following memo.
To: All Macaw Store Managers
From: Mary Van Vliet, Chief Technology Officer
Date: 22 May
Re: Payment system upgrade
Next week new payment processing terminals will be installed at each sales register in Macaw stores
located in St. Thomas. Payment System 4.0 ------ in our stores in Puerto Rico for several months. 139.
So far, no issues with the system have been reported by ------- customers or managers there. 140.
It is faster and handles more transaction types than the current payment system. It also 141
eliminates the need for ------- verification of transactions under $25.00. 142.
Please feel free to contact me with any questions about the installation.
139. (A) to operate
(B) will operate
(C) is operating
(D) has operated
140. (A) like
(B) extra
(C) either
(D) total
EMM 142. (A) available
(B) additional
(C) reserved
(D) economical
141. (A) Payment System 4.0 offers a variety of
benefits.
(B) New payroll software will be released
soon.
(C) We are having a special sale in June.
(D) I will e-mail each of you the exact
installation date.
Questions 143-146 refer to the following review.
App Review: Forward Path
In the world of ------- apps, those developed by Arvedlon, Inc., stand out for their innovation and 143.
ease of use. The newly released Forward Path app ------- tablets and smartphones is no 144.
exception. Forward Path connects with home exercise equipment such as stationary bicycles
and rowing machines. Users can select video footage of dozens of real-world routes. Then they
can choose from several speed options -------the video to the pace of their workouts. 145.
. While nothing can replace an outdoor workout, Forward Path comes closer than any 146.
other app currently on the market. Our testers highly recommend it.
143. (A) translation
(B) fitness
(C) landscaping
(D) navigation
144. (A) into
(B) by
(C) near
(D) for
145. (A) to time
(B) time
(C) are timing
(D) timed
146. (A) They can even specify the weather
conditions and season.
(B) The choices are somewhat limited
compared to other apps.
(C) At this price, it should be very popular.
(D) The minimum is 30 minutes a day.
PART 7
Directions: In this part you will read a selection of texts, such as magazine and newspaper articles,
e-mails, and instant messages. Each text or set of texts is followed by several questions. Select the
best answer for each question and mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
Questions 147-148 refer to the following notice.
Area Traffic Alert and Transportation Authority Update
The Regional Transportation Authority will begin repairing and replacing
signs on Highway 675 in January. The new signs are designed to be
more reflective and thus easier to read. They will also be better
located.
Most of the activity will entail partial closures of thruway lanes at night
when the traffic volume is lowest. Vehicular traffic during the daytime
will not be affected. The work is expected to last six to eight weeks; all
scheduled activities are weather dependent.
147. What is the purpose of the notice? 148. What is a feature of the new signs?
(A) To warn about increased traffic
(B) To outline work-zone safety tips
(C) To describe an improvement project
(D) To announce plans for a new highway B
(A) They will last much longer.
(B) They come in many colors.
(C) They are significantly larger.
(D) They offer improved readability.
Questions 149-150 refer to the following form.
Lorene Industries
Reimbursement Request Form
Name: Timothy Oswell Supervisor's name: Laura Cho
Department: Advertising
ID: 8123976
Position: Project manager
Itemized expenses:
Date Description Cost
28/1 Travel to meeting £3
28/1 Lunch with Yannick Le Mignon, Mazzira Group £55
28/1 Return travel to office £3
Total reimbursement £61
Funds will not be issued to employees without itemized receipts. Credits for claimed
reimbursements will be added to the employee's regular biweekly paycheck. Amounts
over £100 will not be processed during the current pay period. Instead, they will be
reimbursed at the end of the following quarter.
Employee signature: Timothy Oswell
Supervisor signature: Laura Cho
Form received date: 30/1 Receipts attached? Yes
Finance department reimbursement officer approval: Tia Jegerfalk
149. What can be reimbursed using the form?
(A) Only amounts less than £100
(B) Only transportation costs
(C) Only charges submitted with a receipt
(D) Only the expenses of senior staff
members
150. What is suggested about Mr. Oswell?
(A) He used a company credit card.
(B) He gets paid at the end of every week.
(C) He conducted business with a new
client.
(D) He will receive a credit with his next
paycheck.
Questions 151-153 refer to the following e-mail.
To: All Staff
From: Takashi Imura
Sent: Thursday, October 07, 9:04 A.M.
Subject: Elevator inspections
The City Code Enforcement Office will perform annual elevator inspections beginning at
11:00 A.M. tomorrow. — [1] —. The purpose is to ensure that our elevators meet all safety
requirements. Our elevators are well maintained, so I do not anticipate any problems.
There will be periods when individual elevators will be out of service. -[2] -. However,
at least one elevator in the building will be in service at any given time. The testing is
officially scheduled to last until 2:00 P.M. I will send an e-mail to let you know when all
elevators are in service again. - [3] -. A message will also be posted on the building's
Facilities Web site.
We apologize for any inconvenience caused by the inspection process, and we will work to
minimize the impact on staff and clients using the building. - [4] -.
Takashi Imura, Building Supervisor
151. How often are the elevators inspected?
(A) Once a month
(B) Every six months
(C) Once a year
(D) Every two years
152. Why might the inspection be inconvenient
for staff and clients?
(A) Offices on the top floor will be closed
after 11:00 A.м.
(B) An elevator they often use may not be
working.
(C) The elevators will be out of service until
2:00 Р.м. Monday.
(D) Officials may have to operate some
elevators for riders.
153. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?
"Thank you for your patience, and let me
know if you have any questions."
(A) [1]
(B) [2]
(C) [3]
(D) [4]
Questions 154-155 refer to the following online chat discussion.
Katie Milerre: (10:36 А.M.)
Mr. del Mar, I'm finalizing the catering order for next month's client-appreciation banquet. We
haven't received responses from our clients at Hartford and Mason Law Firm. Should I call to
confirm with them?
Alberto del Mar: (10:38 A.M.)
No, that's not necessary. I spoke with Mr. Hartford yesterday, and he told me they won't be
able to make it. They'll be traveling out of state for an appointment that day.
Katie Milerre: (10:39 A.M.)
I see. Would you like me to have a gift basket sent to their office since they won't be attending?
Alberto del Mar: (10:41 A.M.)
Yes. Please also include a gift card to the restaurant where the banquet is being held and an
invitation to attend lunch with me there at a later date.
Katie Milerre: (10:42 А.M.)
Certainly. I will bring the card to your office this afternoon for a signature.
Alberto del Mar: (10:42 A.M.)
Thank you, Katie.
154. What is indicated about Mr. Hartford?
(A) He is unable to attend an upcoming
event.
(B) He will contact Ms. Milerre in the
afternoon.
(C) He is organizing a conference.
(D) He has not made travel plans yet.
155. At 10:39 A.M., what does Ms. Milerre most
likely mean when she says, "I see"?
 (A) She is looking at some information
about a client.
(B) She understands an explanation
provided by Mr. del Mar.
(C) She is currently viewing some
photographs of gift baskets.
(D) She knows that Mr. del Mar wants her
to purchase a card.
Questions 156-157 refer to the following information.
I have spent most of my life in the woods of rural Colorado, where I have always looked
to the beauty of nature for inspiration. My plates, bowls, and cutting boards are hand
carved from pieces of wood that were foraged from fallen trees that I discovered while
on various hikes through the forest.
Each object in my wooden kitchenware collection is one of a kind and has been carved
to bring out the natural curves and grain patterns of the wood. These unique pieces can
last a lifetime if stored and treated properly. They should never be left to soak in water,
as prolonged exposure to water will cause them to warp. It is also a good idea to apply a
light coat of mineral oil from time to time to prevent the colors from fading. For more
tips on how to best protect your natural wood product from deterioration, visit
www.hollyhollingsworth.com. Thank you for purchasing my products!
-Holly Hollingsworth
156. Where would the information most likely be
found?
(A) Inside a package with a product
(B) Near a piece of art in a museum
(C) In an article in a nature magazine
(D) In an advertisement in a newspaper
157. According to the information, what can
readers do on a Web site?
(A) Browse new items available for sale
(B) Compare the different types of wood
(C) Read detailed product-care instructions
(D) Learn about wood-carving techniques
Questions 158-160 refer to the following form.
Pernely Hotel
Thank you for choosing Pernely Hotel for your recent event! Please take a moment
to fill out this survey. We hope you will share your positive experience with associates
and friends. If we receive a booking based on your referral, we will give you a
5% discount on the cost of your next event.
Customer name and e-mail: Aika Otani, a.otani@bipmail.com
Event date:
Event location:
April 6
Oakwood Dining Room
Please rate the following aspects of your experience with us. (N/A = not applicable)
Quality of food
Quantity of food
Friendliness of staff
Room setup/atmosphere
Poor Fair Good Excellent N/A
X
X
X
Overnight accommodations ☑
Comments/Suggestions:
The Pernely event coordinator provided excellent support in
putting this annual event together. The food was delicious-the
guests raved about the roast chicken! The dining room got quite
noisy as it filled up. We will plan to use Pernely again next year,
though we will definitely request a different room.
158. How can Ms. Otani become eligible for a
discount?
(A) By booking an event before April 6
(B) By referring someone who books an
event
(C) By reserving a block of hotel rooms
(D) By completing an online survey
159. What problem did Ms. Otani experience?
(A) There was too much noise.
(B) There was not enough food.
(C) The menu was limited.
(D) The room was small.
160. What is NOT indicated on the form?
(A) The guests enjoyed the food.
(B) The event was held in the Oakwood
Dining Room.
(C) Many of Ms. Otani's guests stayed
overnight.
(D) A Pernely Hotel staff member helped
with planning.
Questions 161-163 refer to the following article.
CAPE TOWN (26 October)-Locally based
Roebling Vision announced yesterday that it
will be merging with Novianto Technology,
headquartered in Nairobi, Kenya. This action
will allow Roebling Vision to expand its
research division to include a team that
specializes in cutting-edge vision technology.
"There is no doubt that we will be releasing
new eyewear solutions in the upcoming year,"
said Roebling Vision CEO Obakeng Van Dyk.
"With our joint efforts, there will be no limit to
what we can do."
Before the two companies join forces,
Roebling Vision's laboratories in
Johannesburg will be expanded to be able to
accommodate a much larger workforce.
Headquartered here in Cape Town, Roebling
Vision has centres throughout the country. Its
popularity grew about ten years ago, after
several South African celebrities began
wearing Roebling glasses. The company is
best known for manufacturing eyeglasses and
contact lenses. Less known is the fact that it
also has a small division devoted to research
and technology located in Johannesburg.
161. What is the purpose of the article? nhatretspvptsetoatet B
(B) To report on the opening of a vision
center
(C) To announce the uniting of two
companies
(D) To discuss recent fashion trends
162. What will Roebling Vision do soon?
(A) Increase its laboratory capacity
(B) Move its headquarters to Nairobi
(C) Discontinue a product line
(D) Hire a new CEO
The phrase "devoted to" in paragraph 4,
line 8, is closest in meaning to
(A) admiring of
(B) focused on
(C) elected to
(D) supported by
Questions 164-167 refer to the following online chat discussion.
Marguerite Ogus (9:30 A.M.)
Hi, team. How are we progressing on the free Healthy Lifestyle series for our employees?
Peter Jellis (9:31 A.M.)
As we discussed at our lunch meeting in the cafeteria in February, we're starting with nutrition.
Taewon Yoon (9:31 A.М.)
I talked to Adam Rickert, who writes the column on healthy living for our hospital newsletter.
Peter Jellis (9:32 A.M.)
So are we on target to start the series on March 1, Taewon?
Marguerite Ogus (9:33 A.M.)
Marvelous. I remember seeing his interview on television about the need for quality sleep.
Is he comfortable with presenting live in front of people?
Peter Jellis (9:34 A.M.)
Well, last month he delivered a major conference presentation.
Taewon Yoon (9:34 A.M.)
Yes. Adam Rickert committed to doing the first three sessions in the series.
Peter
Good.
 Jellis
 What
 (9:36
 about
 A.M.)
 the room?)MOREAD
The atrium on the north side of the hospital has been reserved through May for the full series.
Taewon Yoon (9:37 A.M.)
And we have already chosen the second topic in the series: physical fitness.
Marguerite Ogus (9:38 A.M.)
Excellent. Let's move on to picking the third speaker of the series, who will discuss the
importance of social relationships in our April sessions.
164. What is suggested about the speaker
series?
(A) It will include lunch.
(B) It will be held in a hospital.
(C) It will be open to the public.
(D) It will be shown on television.
165. At 9:33 A.M., what does Ms. Ogus mean
when she writes, "Marvelous"?
(A) She is satisfied with the latest
newsletter.
(B) She is pleased that Mr. Jellis has joined
the chat.
(C) She is happy with Mr. Yoon's choice of
speaker.
(D) She is glad to speak as part of the
series.
166. When is Mr. Rickert scheduled to speak?
167.
(A) In February
(B) In March
(C) In April
(D) In May
According to the chat, what topic will most
likely NOT be discussed in the speaker
series?
(A) Physical exercise
(B) Eating well
(C) Sleep habits
(D) Healthy relationships
Questions 168-171 refer to the following report.
LONG ISLAND REGIONAL ENeRgy AutHORITY
Residential Audit
Prepared for customer: Darrah Henninger
Property address: 337 Barrel Street, Hempstead, NY 11550
Reason for audit request: The customer reported unusually high energy bills and an
inefficient cooling system during the warmest months.
Date of visit: August 26
Inspection summary: The building size is approximately 366 square meters, and
there is an exterior air-conditioning unit on the west side of the structure. - [1] -
The unit was installed new and is six years old.
The size of the cooling unit is more than sufficient for the building size. — [2] -
However, the return air flows through a vent that is too small. Expanding the current
vent size or creating an additional vent on an adjacent wall will correct this issue.
The building has a vaulted metal roof that is poorly insulated. Reinsulating the roof is
recommended. - [3] -. The use of ceiling fans on the upper level should be avoided
in the warm months. Because the roof is not insulated well, the fans use an excessive
amount of energy to combat the heat transfer through the ceiling during the summer,
and therefore the rooms cannot be adequately cooled.
This audit has been performed by a certified energy auditor. - [4] -
Audit prepared by: Kevin Anders
(A) She would like to enlarge her living
space.
168. Why most likely did Ms. Henninger request
the audit service?
170. What does Mr. Anders advise about the
ceiling fans?
(A) They should be replaced.
(B) She needs some heating equipment
repaired.
(B) They should be reinstalled in other
locations.
(C) She is interested in purchasing a
property.
(C) They should be used instead of the
air-conditioning unit.
(D) She wants to lower her summer energy
costs.
(D) They should be turned off for part of the
year.
171.
169. What is indicated about the air-conditioning
unit?
In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?
(A) It is an adequate size.
(B) It has a satisfactory venting system. "This should be a top priority."
(C) It is a discontinued model. (A) [1]
(D) It has been producing warm air. (B) [2]
(C) [3]
(D) [4]
Questions 172-175 refer to the following conference schedule.
Conference Schedule for May 25
7:00-8:00 А.м. Registration (main auditorium, ground floor)
8:00-9:15 A.M. Software Solutions
Learn about the latest and best software systems for keeping track of fleets and product
shipments and for facilitating communication between drivers and dispatchers.
Instructor: Nicklas Massen
9:30-10:30 A.м. Air Cargo Units
Explore new insights into air cargo operations in the areas of domestic and overseas
transport, calculating rates and charges, safeguarding valuable items, and troubleshooting
possible complications.
Instructor: Ezinne Chioke
10:45-11:45 A.м. Effective Driver Training
It's the law! The National Transportation Council holds employers responsible for ensuring
that all drivers are familiar with government laws and requirements. The latest rule updates
will be addressed as will tips on how to organize an effective training program.
Instructor: Ching-Lien Wu
12:00-1:00 P.м. Maintaining Vehicle Fleets
Examine recent trends in managing fleets of vehicles (cars, buses, trucks, and delivery
equipment), which include anticipating and controlling the costs associated with vehicles,
mechanics, drivers, vendors, and fuel consumption.
Instructor: Nicklas Massen
All sessions will be held in the Geneva Conference Room on the fourth floor, except the 12 P.М.
session, which will be held in the Harkness Conference Room on the second floor. Presenters
who need help setting up should see Facilities staff in room G14.
172. Who most likely would attend the
conference?
(A) Transportation company owners
(B) Computer software programmers
(C) Truck and bus drivers
(D) Business management professors
173. What is NOT a subject likely to be covered
during the 9:30 A.M. session?
(A) Pricing
(B) International shipments
(C) Solving common difficulties
(D) Improving staff communication
174. When will the session on following
regulations be held?
(A) At 8:00 А.м.
(B) At 9:30 A.M.
(C) At 10:45 А.м.
(D) At 12:00 Р.м.
175. Where will Ms. Chioke lead her session?
(A) In the main auditorium
(B) In the Geneva Conference Room
(C) In the Harkness Conference Room
(D) In room G14
Questions 176-180 refer to the following sales report and e-mail.
Placid Moon Coffee
March Sales Report-Prepared April 4 by Cora Lin, Store Manager
In-Store Sales of All Products
Product Revenue Notes
Coffee, whole bean, one-pound bags $14,000
Coffee, prepared drinks $18,200
Tea, prepared drinks $5,500
Bottled drinks $2,200
Baked goods $3,400
Retail (nonperishable goods) $750
March Promotion
Customer loyalty program N/A
Overall, sales revenue was higher. Bags of whole-bean
Misty Heights Blend were a top seller, bringing in just over $3,000.
A number of drinks were not offered while the espresso
machine was being serviced. Sales should recover in April.
Sales are comparable with previous months.
Sales are comparable with previous months.
This is a 7 percent increase from last month.
Placid Moon Coffee mugs are still out of stock as our
vendor has not yet fulfilled our order.
Few loyalty discount cards were distributed to customers
this month. We should better train staff in promoting this
benefit.
*E-mail*
To: coralin@placidmooncoffee.com
From: tyrellharris@placidmooncoffee.com
Date: April 4, 6:23 P.M.
Subject: Re: March sales report
Thank you for promptly submitting your March report. I'm pleased with the strong sales
of the new whole-bean product we introduced last month. Let's keep a close eye on
sales of this coffee blend through April. We may be able to add it to our regular lineup.
I like your suggestion regarding the customer loyalty program. In addition, I propose
putting up a poster advertising the cards by the registers and another one in the
employee lounge. Please inform me at the end of the month if these efforts have an
impact.
Finally, I have good news to share. Yukihiro Asakawa began serving our Bold Macaw
variety at his flagship restaurant in December, and he now wants Placid Moon to be the
exclusive provider for all his restaurants. This expansion of our business is all thanks to
you, since you introduced Mr. Asakawa to our coffee not long ago.
Tyrell Harris
Placid Moon Coffee, Owner
176. What product sold less than expected?
(A) Prepared coffee drinks
(B) Prepared tea drinks
(C) Bottled drinks
(D) Baked goods
177. What problem does Ms. Lin have?
(A) Some desserts did not sell as desired.
(B) Some mugs have not been delivered.
(C) Some coffee beans are out of stock.
(D) Some posters have unclear information.
178. What does Ms. Lin recommend?
179. What is suggested about the Misty Heights
Blend?
(A) It was offered for the first time in March.
(B) It will no longer be sold by Placid Moon
Coffee.
(C) It is more expensive than other types of
coffee.
(D) It has a stronger flavor than other
blends.
180. What is most likely true about Ms. Lin?
(A) She agreed to take on an added
responsibility.
(A) A better espresso machine should be
purchased.
(B) She requested a new espresso maker
from Mr. Harris.
(B) The customer loyalty program should
be discontinued.
(C) She recommended products to
Mr. Asakawa.
(C) Part-time staff should be hired on a
permanent basis.
(D) She renovated the employee lounge.
(D) Employees should receive additional
training.
Questions 181-185 refer to the following article and online application.
Audition for a TV Baking Show
DUNMORE, PA-Think you have what it
takes to be the next baking star? Get your
cake pans and pastry brushes ready because
the popular baking competition show,
Toni's Baking Ace, has just scheduled
auditions for its fifth season!
Toni's Baking Ace has become a huge
TV hit since it premiered five years ago.
The show is named for its celebrated host,
pastry chef Adrianna Toni. Long before
becoming a TV celebrity, she founded
multinational bakery chain TKL Creations
and published Dolce Dancing, a dessert
cookbook that has become a classic.
If you are an amateur baker, that is, if
you have never baked as part of a business,
you stand a chance of appearing on Toni's
Baking Ace. The first step is to complete
an online application. The show's
producers will select about 50 promising
candidates and send each an invitation for
an in-person interview. Those who make it
through this first round will attend an
intensive two-day baking audition in front
of the TV judges. From this audition,
sixteen lucky finalists will be selected as
participants to compete for the Baking Ace
title!
Have your baked goods always
impressed your family and friends? Do not
hesitate to submit your application-and get
baking!
http://www.tonisbakingace.com
Home Recipes Video Audition Application
Name: Dennis Farah
Phone: 414-555-0112
E-mail: dfarah@chemail.com
Current Occupation:
I have been working as a high school chemistry teacher for the past nine years.
When did you begin to bake, and how did you learn?
I started baking with my father when I was five years old. He loved to bake for family and
friends, and I became his kitchen assistant. I can remember researching cooking techniques,
watching baking shows, and developing some of my own recipes.
Do you have a specialty item?
Pies, especially because I like to experiment with new pie filling.
• Why do you want to be on the show?
I am passionate about baking. I have been watching Toni's Baking Ace since it first aired, and
it has greatly increased my own skills, as I have tried out many top recipes that I've seen on
the show. Last week a friend heard about this audition, and she persuaded me to submit an
application.
• Have you ever marketed and sold any baked goods?
My formal baking experience amounts to donating cupcakes to be sold at our school's annual
Christmas sale to support the school's sports programs.
Please upload a 60-second video introducing yourself and showing a baked creation
of yours. Go to the Video tab to upload your video.
181. What does the article indicate about Toni's
Baking Ace?
(A) It accepts teenagers as contestants.
(B) It often selects international
participants.
(C) It awards prize money to winners.
(D) It is hosted by a famous author.
182. In the article, the word "hit" in paragraph 2,
line 2, is closest in meaning to
(A) success
(B) impact
(C) expense
(D) encouragement
183. What requirement is mentioned in the
online application?
(A) Signing a contract
(B) Passing a baking speed competition
(C) Including an introductory video
(D) Participating in a past contest
184. What does Mr. Farah state in his
application?
(A) He has a kitchen assistant.
(B) He is an educator.
(C) He has never watched the show.
(D) His father will soon appear on the
show.
185. Why most likely does Mr. Farah give details
about an annual event?
(A) To show how popular his baking is
(B) To indicate he is familiar with contests
(C) To provide evidence that he is not a
professional baker
(D) To prove he can bake with limited
equipment
Questions 186-190 refer to the following Web page, form, and e-mail.
https://www.lanarktheater.org/advertise
Advertise with Lanark Theater!
When you place an advertisement in our printed programs, your business will be seen by
thousands of our patrons. Our upcoming season has just been announced, and we have
an exciting lineup of theater, music, and dance groups that will perform throughout the
year. You can feature your business in our programs for a full year or a partial year and
also choose the size of your advertisement. The basic advertising options are as follows.
Description Full Page Half Page Quarter Page
Full year (12 months) $4,165 $2,200 $1,700
Half year (6 months) $2,550 $1,120 $780
Quarter year (3 months) $1,330 $760 $440
One-time advertisement $440 $300 $150
Keep in mind that full-year advertisers receive a special discount card that is good for
15% off tickets for any Lanark Theater event for the duration of the advertising contract!
To get started, submit an advertisement request form. We will contact you to help
you select the most suitable advertising package. The request form can be found at
www.lanarktheater.org/advertisement-request.
Lanark Theater
Advertisement Request Form
Name: Louise Sanderson
E-mail: I.sanderson@stanmorebistro.com
Phone: 716-555-0145
Company: Stanmore Bistro
Have you advertised with us before? No
How did you learn about this advertising opportunity?
I frequently see performances at Lanark Theater. Not too long ago, I noticed that a
friend's business is being advertised in your programs. He is the owner of Braedale
Apparel, and he has highly recommended that I advertise my own business in your
program as well. I certainly think that Lanark Theater patrons would enjoy dining
at my bistro!
What type of advertisement are you interested in?
Full year_ Half year ✗ Quarter year_ One-time Not sure
What is your maximum budget? $850
To:
From:
Subject:
Date:
Dear Mr. Ritchie,
Maciej Ritchie <m.ritchie@braedaleapparel.com>
Rosa Chokphel <rosa.chokphel@lanarktheater.org>
Advertisement renewal
December 13
Thank you for renewing Braedale Apparel's advertisement package for the upcoming
season. You are once again confirmed for a quarter-page advertisement for the full year.
We at Lanark Theater could not fulfill our mission of offering the community rich and
thought-provoking artistic performances without the help of local businesses like yours!
We also want to thank you for your recent referral. Because of your recommendation,
Louise Sanderson will be advertising in our programs. Your support is greatly appreciated!
All the best,
Rosa Chokphel
Marketing Associate, Lanark Theater
186. What is the purpose of the Web page?
(A) To promote upcoming shows
(B) To review recent performances
(C) To announce advertising opportunities
(D) To profile the lineup of performers
187. What is mentioned about Lanark Theater?
(A) It offers a variety of artistic
(B) It
performances.
advertises in a local newspaper.
(C) It has only recently opened.
(D) It features performances exclusively
from local groups.
188. What type of business does Ms. Sanderson
own?
(A) An advertising company
(B) A clothing store
(C) A theater
(D) A restaurant
189. What advertisement option will
Ms. Sanderson most likely purchase?
(A) A full-page advertisement
(B) A half-page advertisement
(C) A quarter-page advertisement
(D) A one-time advertisement
190. What is suggested about Mr. Ritchie?
(A) He is a co-owner at Stanmore Bistro.
(B) He will receive discounted tickets.
(C) He has upgraded his advertising
package.
(D) He prefers music performances to
dance performances.
Questions 191-195 refer to the following Web page and e-mails.
http://www.cheverlyartmuseum.com
To:
Home About Exhibits Summer Program Contact
After viewing our world-class art exhibits, come and enjoy some free music during
Cheverly Art Museum's tenth annual Summer Concert Series. From July 14 through
August 4, musical performances will be held either on our Atrium Stage near the
main entrance or on our Chillum Stage in the outdoor plaza. Concerts are held from
7-9 PM. Tickets are $10 in advance or $15 at the door, if still available.
July 14 Atrium Stage
Local trio Killaloe Sounds will start our series off with lively traditional Irish music.
July 21 Atrium Stage
Renowned jazz pianist Lillian Cathey will play soulful songs from her Keyboard Sway
recording, which has been a best seller for over five years.
July 28 Chillum Stage
The nationally renowned Tulla Stompers play traditional American folk music. The
performance will feature Rhianon Lewis on lead vocals, Hector IFreeman on banjo,
Lynn Truman on mandolin, and Wyatt Davenport on fiddle.
August 4 Chillum Stage
The Hennessy String Quartet will play selections from their recent recording,
Summertime Classics.
From:
Rhianon Lewis <rhianon.lewis@tgd.com>
James Sabo <j.sabo@cheverlyartmuseum.com>
Subject: Summer concert performance
Date: July 17
Dear Ms. Lewis:
am the program coordinator for the Cheverly Art Museum. We are so excited to have
you perform with us this season. Our concerts are always well received and well attended.
Please note that we run a sound check onstage an hour before each performance to make
sure that all equipment is working properly, so we recommend that musicians arrive by at
least two hours before the scheduled start time. Also, if you or your bandmates need
tickets for friends or family members, please let me know, and I will be happy to
coordinate it. Tickets are no longer available, but we have a few seats reserved that I can
offer you.
I look forward to meeting you!
Sincerely,
James Sabo
Program Coordinator, Cheverly Art Museum
*E-mail*
To: James Sabo <j.sabo@cheverlyartmuseum.com>
From: Rhianon Lewis <rhianon.lewis@tgd.com>
Subject: RE: Summer concert performance
Date: July 17
Hi, James,
Thanks for the information. I will be driving with the group from Arlington, so we are
all set for transportation. We plan to arrive at 5:30 p.m.
On a separate matter, I hope it is not too late to request a change in venue. I came to
see the July 14 performance, and the group that performed then showed a video on the
screen behind them as they played. My group also has images and videos that we would
like to display during our performance. I've spoken with the stage manager, and he said
that our scheduled space would not allow for such a setup. While these elements are not
a necessary part of our show, our audiences have found them to be very powerful; thus,
we would love to incorporate them if we can.
Thank you,
Rhianon MOREA
191. What does the Web page indicate about the
concert series?
(A) It is held every year.
(C)
(B)

It
It

focuses
is open

only
on classical
 to museum
 music.
 members.
(D) It is organized by a well-known artist.
192. According to the Web page, what act has
recently recorded music?
(A) Killaloe Sounds
(B) Lillian Cathey
(C) The Tulla Stompers
(D) The Hennessy String Quartet
193. What is suggested about the Tulla Stompers
concert?
(A) It has already sold out.
(B) It will begin two hours early.
(C) It will feature a local guest musician.
(D) It has been moved to a different date.
194. According to the first e-mail, why should
musicians arrive early?
(A) To find parking
(B) To sign a contract
(C) To test sound equipment
(D) To select a stage manager
195. What is indicated about Ms. Lewis?
(A) She recorded a song with Lillian
Cathey.
(B) She has requested transportation to
Cheverly Art Museum.
(C) She has never used video in her
performance before.
(D) She attendeda performance by
Killaloe Sounds.
Questions 196-200 refer to the following table of contents, Web page, and blog post.
Business Outlook Monthly
Articles in the March Issue:
The Right Candidates Page 11
Spot the applicant that will make a difference. Doug Tenor spoke with four
managers about their approach to interviewing.
The Right Questions Page 27
How do the big international corporations look for new employees? Lilly Zimble
visits three of the biggest HR departments in the world to see what goes into job
postings and recruiting.
Being There Page 38
Gina Pimentel looks at the strengths and weaknesses of virtual conferencing.
What is the future for distance meetings, and is this what we want? While useful
for brief meetings, will they ever excel for longer interactions? Surprisingly, some
studies show that virtual conferencing has little effect on employee engagement.
Benefits of the Phrase Book Page 44
Melissa Dyson shares tips on communicating with locals when conducting
business abroad. Clients warm to visitors who make the effort to learn some
of their language.
Extended Stay
Greg McDaniel went to five hotels in five weeks to experience their extended-stay
options. He details each hotel's pros and cons.
Page 52
http://www.farolgrandehotel.com/updates
The Farol Grande Hotel-Updates
We recently learned that we were reviewed in the March issue of Business Outlook Monthly
magazine! The review was performed by an "undercover operation"-the reporter used a
fictional name, posed as a regular guest, and stayed with us for five nights-so we didn't
know he was here until we saw the article! Access the magazine here to read the thorough
analysis of our facilities: http://www.bom.com/currentissues/march.
Business Outlook Monthly
To the Editor:
I read with interest Gina Pimentel's take on the status of
videoconferencing and other virtual meeting technologies.
Although I sympathize with the author's sentiment that
video and conference calls are no real alternative to
meetings in person, it seems to be the trend of the future.
But even with recent technological advances, in my
experience, videoconferences are most effective for short
meetings such as status checks. When it comes to
negotiations, however, there is nothing like face-to-face
interactions.
-Emre Osman
196. How are the first two articles in the
magazine similar?
(A) Both discuss employee hiring practices.
(B) Both focus on new uses of technology.
(C) Both discuss how a new position is
advertised.
(D) Both critique negative interview
behaviors.
197. On what page is there advice for
international travelers?
(A) Page 11
(B) Page 27
(C) Page 38
(D) Page 44
198. According to the Web page, what did the
reporter do?
(A) He visited the hotel in March.
(B) He hid his real identity.
(C) He canceled a reservation.
(D) He arrived late at night.
199. Who stayed at the Farol Grande Hotel?
200.
(A) Mr. Tenor
(B) Ms. Zimble
(C) Ms. Dyson
(D) Mr. McDaniel
On what do Ms. Pimentel and Mr. Osman
agree about virtual meetings?
(A) They increase employee engagement.
(B) They should be phased out in the
future.
(C) They should replace in-person
meetings.
(D) They work well for quick exchanges of
information.
เฉลยข
อถ
เว
บไซต

ให้เลื

อนลงไป เลือกชุดที

ต้องการดูเช่น ชุดเทาเทา
จะเจอหน้านี

กดเลือกเลย
ว่
าจะชุดเล่ม
ไหน
เทา เล่ม 4
ดูที

หน้านี

เลื

อนลงมาเรื

อยๆ เจอ
แน่นอนงับบ
ยด
ยดจะต
องด
ในแอพครบ
IOS จะแยกพารท
อ่าน พารท
อันนี

จะเป็
นแอพของ Android จะรวม
พารท
อ่าน พารท
์ ฟังในแอพเดียวกัน
ทําข้อสอบในแอพได้เลย
แบ่งทําควิ
ซ ทําควิ
ซแยกพารท
ที

ไม่
ถนัดได้
าตอบได้- มีสรุปคํ
าศัพท
ครังที

ทําข้อสอบ
วอย
าง Feature ในแอพ
ทําข้อสอบในแอพได้เลย
แบ่งทําควิ
ซ ทําควิ
ซแยก
พารท
ที

ไม่ถนัดได้
คํ
าศัพท
เฉลยไว้
อ่านต่อ
ปล Audio ไฟล
ได้ด้วยนะ
วอย
าง Feature ในแอพ
มีบันทึกคะแนนที

ทํา คํ
านวณ
คะแนนให้ด้วยนะ
มีคํ
าศัพท
์ให้ด้วย
มีให้ฝึกทํา CBT ในแอพ
เฉลยข
อถ
เว
บไซต

ให้เลื

อนลงไป เลือกชุดที

ต้องการดูเช่น ชุดเทาเทา
จะเจอหน้านี

กดเลือกเลย
ว่
าจะชุดเล่ม
ไหน
เทา เล่ม 4
ดูที

หน้านี

เลื

อนลงมาเรื

อยๆ เจอ
แน่นอนงับบ
ยด
ยดจะต
องด
ในแอพครบ
IOS จะแยกพารท
อ่าน พารท
อันนี

จะเป็
นแอพของ Android จะรวม
พารท
อ่าน พารท
์ ฟังในแอพเดียวกัน
ทําข้อสอบในแอพได้เลย
แบ่งทําควิ
ซ ทําควิ
ซแยกพารท
ที

ไม่
ถนัดได้
าตอบได้- มีสรุปคํ
าศัพท
ครังที

ทําข้อสอบ
วอย
าง Feature ในแอพ
ทําข้อสอบในแอพได้เลย
แบ่งทําควิ
ซ ทําควิ
ซแยก
พารท
ที

ไม่ถนัดได้
คํ
าศัพท
เฉลยไว้
อ่านต่อ
ปล Audio ไฟล
ได้ด้วยนะ
วอย
าง Feature ในแอพ
มีบันทึกคะแนนที

ทํา คํ
านวณ
คะแนนให้ด้วยนะ
มีคํ
าศัพท
์ให้ด้วย
มีให้ฝึกทํา CBT ในแอพ

READING TEST
In the Reading test, you will read a variety of texts and answer several different types of reading
comprehension questions. The entire Reading test will last 75 minutes. There are three parts, and
directions are given for each part. You are encouraged to answer as many questions as possible within
the time allowed.
You must mark your answers on the separate answer sheet. Do not write your answers in your test
book.
PART 5
Directions: A word or phrase is missing in each of the sentences below. Four answer choices are
given below each sentence. Select the best answer to complete the sentence. Then mark the letter
(A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
101. Every batch of sauce at Generita's Bistro is
processed meticulously by ------- expert
chefs.
105. The chefs are still waiting for a ------- date
for the new convection oven that was
ordered two weeks ago.
(A) they
(B) their
(C)
(D)

themselves
them
102. Computerization of medical records -------
increases a physician's ability to diagnose
and treat patients.
(A) great
(B) greatly
(C) greatness
(D) greatest
106.
103. At Rojelle's Fine Dining, we use the freshest
------- available to make our salads.
(A) applications
(B) subjects
(C) ingredients
(D) factors
104. Professor Benguigui will present his paper
------- the natural history conference
tomorrow.
(A) by
(B) at
(C) of
(D) on
107.
(A) shipper
(B) ships
(C) shipments
(D) shipping
Mr. Kang works ------- with our internal team
members as well as various regional sales
representatives.
(A) mildly
(B) nearly
(C) closely
(D) narrowly
Fashion designer Hye-Ja Pak knows ------
to update her line in response to changing
tastes.
(A) and
(B) when
(C) need
(D) for
108. The samba class was so well ------- that the
Yulara Dance School decided to make the
course a permanent offering.
(A) attended
(B) educated
(C) gathered
(D) protected
109. The factory will be situated away------ the
city's residential area to reduce complaints
about noise and emissions.
(A) from
(B) about
(C) with
(D) out
110. Ms. Kuramoto selected the most------
mailing option available.
(A) economical
(B) economy
(C) economize
(D) economized
111. Companies without information technology
specialists can ------- on Vyber Software
Advisers for assistance with online services.
(A) reliable
(B) reliably
(C) rely
(D) relying
112. Next year, our team will have a new task,
------- is to review design portfolios.
(A) although
(B) which
(C) after
(D) because
113. Cook the meat for 30 minutes to ensure
------- readiness to be eaten.
(A) both
(B) this
(C) its
(D) that
114. Amoxitron's research team will hire-----
interns to assist with laboratory duties.
(A) given
(B) several
(C) whole
(D) natural
115.------- the new acai juice blend has proved
so popular, we should move quickly to
increase our production volume.
(A) If
(B) Whether
(C) Since
(D) Unless
116. New emissions standards have forced Rider
Auto to modify the process of engine -------.
(A) construction
(B) constructed
(C) constructive
(D) construct
117. Maki Kayano's book offers techniques for
------- business tasks with speed and
precision.
(A) executing
(B) equipping
(C) returning
(D) involving
118. To control costs, updated credit card readers
will be installed in branch stores -------.
119.
(A) gradual
(B) gradually
(C) more gradual
(D) most gradual
In this quarter, the Montel Beverage
Company is expecting sales ------- £160,000
and £180,000.
(A) without
(B) among
(C) throughout
(D) between
120. Because Mount Akoyola is so challenging
for climbers, ------- have reached its peak.
(A) any
(B) either
(C) other
(D) few
121. King Street Bridge will be closed in the
month of September ------- repair work.
(A) because of
(B) so that
(C) as if
(D) rather than
122. Ms. Taniguchi's supervisor commended her
for negotiating------- with Furuyama
Corporation.
(A) effective
(B) effecting
(C) effected
(D) effectively
123. Staff members may reserve the conference
room ------- they need it.
(A) somewhere
(B) whatever
(C) everything
(D) anytime
124. The public relations director must have a
high level of ------- in English and Spanish.
(A) proficiency
(B) advancement
(C) routine
(D) strength
125. Patterson Products ------- seeks innovative
ways of meeting changing consumer
demand.
(A) dually
(B) favorably
(C) continually
(D) generically
126. Mr. Volante is working at home tomorrow so
he---- the technical report without any
distractions.
(A) can finish
(B) would finish
(C) finished
(D) has been finishing
127. All of the billing procedures remain the
same, ------- new pаyment codes need to be
inserted into the invoice documents.
(A) in order that
(B) during
(C) across from
(D) except that
128. The lightweight design of the new sedan is
------- because it can cause the vehicle to
slide on icy roads.
(A) possible
(B) mechanical
(C) questionable
(D) multiple
129. When the bank president retired, the
common ------- was that the vice president
would take over.
(A) assume
(B) assumption
(C) assuming
(D) assumable
130. West Bengali Airlines ------- fees for
oversized items that are stillwithin weight
limitations.
(A) invites
(B) cooperates
(C) transports
(D) waives
PART 6
Directions: Read the texts that follow. A word, phrase, or sentence is missing in parts of each text.
Four answer choices for each question are given below the text. Select the best answer to complete
the text. Then mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
Questions 131-134 refer to the following e-mail.
To: pmendoza@factmail.co
From: recruiting@analystsassoc.org
Date: May 2
Subject: Joining ASA
Dear Mr. Mendoza,
Thank you for expressing your interest in our organization during the recent ----. It was a pleasure 131.
meeting you at the ASA booth during the Weber Information Systems Convention. As you may
recall from our conversation, we discussed how ASA membership-your career through 132.
networking opportunities as well as the industry insights offered in our monthly newsletter. The
normal fee for members is just $120 a year; however, we are currently offering a new-member
discount.
133.
If you are still interested in joining, please reply to------- with your mailing address. I will then 134.
forward you an application packet.
Sincerely,
Ashlee Loren, President
Association of Systems Analysts
131. (A) election
(B) broadcast
(C) conference
(D) performance
132. (A) can benefit
133. (A) Discounts on rental cars are included
in the annual membership.
(B) Our jobs board is quite comprehensive.
(C) We are the first organization of our
kind.
(D) This month you can join for just half
(B) the usual rate. is benefiting
(C) has benefited
(D) will have benefited 134. (A) it
(B) me
(C) them
(D) anyone
Questions 135-138 refer to the following e-mail.
To: Sam Heinz
From: Northways Professional Development
Sent: April 20
Subject: Workshop 4/28-4/30
Dear Workshop Participants,
We look forward to seeing you at the digital storytelling workshop. On the first day, when you enter
the Albin College campus, attendants will -you to lot 43 and the Toteman Building. We will 135.
begin each day in conference room 9. Coffee, tea, snacks, and fruit -- in the mornings. Lunch 136.
will be sandwiches and salads from Black Horse Restaurant. 137.
In the afternoons, we will be working in the computer lab. We suggest that you assemble some
images that you would like to use for your project. It will be---for you to have them saved on a 138.
digital storage device beforehand. If you have any questions, please e-mail us.
Very Best,
Gina Kapuski
135. (A) offer
(B) direct
(C) pass
(D) instruct
136. (A) will be provided
137.
(B) were provided
(C) providers
(D) are providing
WE
(A) Some prior experience working with digital
files is assumed.
(B) Please do not bring any copyrighted
material to the workshop.
(C) Please let us know if you have any dietary
restrictions.
(D) There is a one-time parking charge of
fifteen dollars.
138. (A) useful
(B) surprised
(C) difficult
(D) amazing
Questions 139-142 refer to the following article.
Venley Foods Responsive to Changing Consumers
Who cares where the tomatoes in your salad actually came from?--, an increasing number of 139.'
people do, according to a study conducted by the Consumer Group. In fact, the study shows that
many consumers would pay an average of 10 percent more when given the exact source of a
fresh food product. 140. Some grocery stores, such as Venley Foods in Boston, have taken
advantage of the trend and used it to implement --- branding and marketing. "If we can tell a 141.
story about our product," says Venley Foods CEO Minji Kim, "then we've added----- in the 142.
minds of consumers."
139. (A) Carefully
(B) Apparently
(C) Formerly
(D) Rarely AEMM
140. (A) Fresh food can be refrigerated for up
to two days.
(B) Many grocery stores have been
extending their hours.
(C) Most studies are published in
consumer magazines.
large cities.
141. (A) smarts
(B) smartly
(C) smarter
(D) smartness
142. (A) value
(B) time
(C) obstacles
(D) bonus
Questions 143-146 refer to the following article.
Nylobe, Inc., Announces Newest Development Project
SEATTLE (May 1)-Researchers at technology firm Nylobe, Inc., are working to develop a sensor
capable of detecting corrosion caused by environmental exposure. Corrosion is a major contributor
to --- losses in the aircraft industry each year. "This will be a major-for commercial airline 143. 144.
fleets," says Mel Laveau, Nylobe's CEO. "The sensor will decrease both labor and maintenance
costs without being too expensive."
According to Ms. Laveau, the sensor will work by detecting corrosion in its early stages, when the
problem can be corrected simply by removing the corroded material. ------- In the structure of large 145.
aircraft, some critical joints can be particularly susceptible to corrosion., the sensor can be 146.
used to inspect these areas and then target the most likely areas of concern.
143. (A) financially
(B) financed
144.
(C) financial
(D) finances
(A) balance
(B) examination
(C) expectation
(D) asset
EMM 146. (A) Meanwhile
(B) Similarly
(C) Otherwise
(D) Fortunately
145. (A) This will reduce the need for making
expensive structural repairs.
(B) The parts have all been replaced with
higher quality materials.
(C) The next stage of the project involves
scanning the affected areas.
(D) Its style and sleek design made it
popular with the public.
PART 7
Directions: In this part you will read a selection of texts, such as magazine and newspaper articles,
e-mails, and instant messages. Each text or set of texts is followed by several questions. Select the
best answer for each question and mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
Questions 147-148 refer to the following invoice.
18 October
Jenkins Press
P.O. Box 2291
Dubai, UAE
Service
Invoice 3987
Shawqi Office Services, Dubai, UAE
Report requested in English
On 14 October, replaced bulb and repaired paper tray on copier per call received on
12 October. Replaced copy ink in two machines. Performed routine yearly maintenance
on five copiers per existing service contract.
Labor cost AED 330.00
Paper tray AED 50.00
Bulb AED 30.00
Copy ink AED 220.00
Total AED 630.00
Total amount must be received by 31 October.
Thank you for your business!
147. What is indicated about Jenkins Press?
(A) It has several offices around the world.
(B) Its copiers get checked every year.
(C) Its office equipment is outdated.
(D) It is a new customer of Shawqi Office
Services.
148. When is payment due?
(A) October 12
(B) October 14
(C) October 18
(D) October 31
Questions 149-151 refer to the following advertisement.
Harbour View Apartment-Porthmadog, Wales
This one-bedroom apartment is perfect for a holiday escape! Located in a quiet area, it
boasts a patio with a lovely view of the harbour. Recently renovated, the unit includes an
eat-in kitchen with stove, refrigerator, microwave, and coffeepot; bathroom with walk-in
shower; and a living room with a large-screen TV. Other amenities of the property include:
• Short distance to restaurants and shops
• Five-minute walk to the beach
• Public gardens and historic sites within a 20-minute drive
• Heat and electricity included
• Towels and bed linens provided on-site
• Daily cleaning service available (extra fee)
• Wireless Internet access (extra fee)
Reserve this lovely gem now! Signing a contract by March 30 will reduce the rental cost
by 10 percent. To sign a contract, contact Dylan Barrett at dbarrett@telarentals.co.uk.
149. Who would the advertisement most likely
interest?
(A) Business travelers
(B) Residents of Porthmadog (C) Property investors
(D) Short-term vacationers
150. What is indicated about the rental fee?
(A) It includes tours of historic places.
151. Why should an individual contact
Mr. Barrett by March 30?
(A) To get a discount on rent
(B) To schedule apartment renovations
(C) To rent the last available property
(D) To sell the property before the end of
the season
(B) It does not cover all of the apartment's
features.
(C) It includes vouchers to use at local
restaurants.
(D) It requires a minimum 30 percent
deposit in advance.
Questions 152-153 refer to the following text-message chain.
Jason Salter (1:45 P.M.)
Liz, the meeting is starting in fifteen minutes. Where are you?
Liz Ortiz (1:47 P.M.)
The train has been stopped on the tracks for awhile. There
seems to be some kind of problem. I still hope to make the
meeting.
Jason Salter (1:50 P.M.)
Okay. I'll save you a seat.
Liz Ortiz (1:59 P.M.)
There's just been an announcement. There's a disabled train
up ahead. It'll be awhile.
Jason Salter (2:00 P.M.)
Don't worry. If there are any questions for our department,
I'll handle them.
Liz Ortiz (2:01 P.M.)
Thanks. I'll call you later.
O
152. What is suggested about Mr. Salter?
(A) He is leading the meeting.
(B) He commutes to work by train.
(C) He has many questions for Ms. Ortiz.
(D) He works in the same department as
Ms. Ortiz.
153. At 1:59 P.M., what does Ms. Ortiz imply
when she writes, "It'll be awhile"?
(A) The meeting is running late.
(B) She is still preparing her notes.
(C) She will likely miss the meeting.
(D) She has not boarded the train yet.
Questions 154-155 refer to the following e-mail.
E-Mail Message
10 From: tbogosian@sardhasconvention.com
To:
Date:
pradalaily@dmcv.com
22 March
Subject: Your reservation
Attachment: Prada party
Dear Ms. Prada,
Thank you for choosing Sardha's Banquet Hall to host your event on 30 August. Unfortunately, West Hall will be under renovation in August, and we will be unable to
accommodate your group in that room. However, your party will fit comfortably in
East Hall. This room features floor-to-ceiling windows and a full view of the river. The
15 percent deposit we have received will hold the reservation.
As indicated when you completed your request through our Web site, your total price of
$1,600 includes a full-course meal that includes appetizers, soup or salad, main course,
and dessert. Attached to this e-mail please find a copy of the menu presented to guests
with options for appetizer and main course.
Tomas Bogosian
General Manager
154. What is one purpose of the e-mail?
(A) To cancel a reservation
(B) To apologize for an error
(C) To indicate a room change
(D) To request an extra deposit
155. What is suggested about Ms. Prada?
 (A) She has paid her bill in full.
(B) She eats at Sardha's regularly.
(C) She works in the food industry.
(D) She made the reservation online.
Questions 156-157 refer to the following memo.
MEMO
To: All Employees
From: IT Supervisor
Subject: OS Update
Date: 27 May
All company computers in the Melbourne and Victoria offices require an
update to the operating system. This update will prepare our computers
for the new version of our accounting software, which should arrive in the
first week of July. Technicians will install the new operating system
beginning on 3 June. We expect the process to be completed around
16 June, providing time to work out any bugs with the operating system
before the accounting software is uploaded.
Completing the entire process will require you to log in so that we can
verify the system is working as anticipated. Therefore, if you plan to go on
holiday during this period, please inform IT Support immediately of the
dates you will be out so that we can plan an alternate date to
accommodate your schedule.
If you have any questions, please contact IT Support staff at extension 48.
156. When is the installation of the operating
system expected to be finished?
(A) In the first week of June
(B) In the middle of June
(C) At the end of June
(D) In the first week of July
157. Who is asked to contact IT Support?
(A) Employees who do not need the
accounting software
(B) Accountants already using the new
operating system
(C) Staff who work outside the offices
(D) Employees who are taking time off
Questions 158-160 refer to the following letter.
4 June
Clarke-Ellis Construction
#20 Murphy Industrial Park
St. Michael BB23028
1-246-555-0126
Full-service commercial contractor serving all of Barbados
Ida Gutierrez
Darling Cove Inn
Mango Drive
Folkestone BB24017
Dear Ms. Gutierrez,
Thank you for contacting Clarke-Ellis Construction for your roofing project.
- [1]-. After inspecting the property, I have confirmed that the inn's main roof is
in good condition and requires no repairs at this time. However, the roof of the inn's
porch appears to be at least twenty years old and is worn beyond repair. - [2] -.
Clarke-Ellis Construction can remove and dispose of the existing porch roof and
install a new one. The replacement will be comparable to the quality, style, and
colour of the inn's main roof. We will use only commercial-grade leak barriers,
insulation, and shingles manufactured by West Indies Weatherproofing, Inc. The
estimated total cost, inclusive of labour and materials, is $3,260. - [3] -
Additional fees would apply should you want us to make other improvements, such
as painting the porch or replacing porch screens.
Please call me at the number above to discuss scheduling or any questions you have
about the work. - [4] -. I hope to hear from you soon.
Sincerely,
Grayson Clarke, ClarieSITE Co-owner, Clarke-Ellis Construction
158. Why did Mr. Clarke write the letter?
(A) To provide a work proposal
(B) To ask for a project extension
(C) To request an inspection report
(D) To submit a revised cost estimate
159. What is indicated about West Indies
Weatherproofing, Inc.?
(A) It is installing a new porch at Darling
Cove Inn.
(B) It provides painting services.
(C) It produces roofing materials.
(D) It is owned by Clarke-Ellis Construction.
160. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?
"It must be replaced."
(A) [1]
(B) [2]
(C) [3]
(D) [4]
Questions 161-164 refer to the following advertisement.
Position: Assistant Editor
Description
Date Posted: March 15
Goldhorse Press, an independent book publishing company focusing on North American
gardening, has provided gardening advice for home gardeners for over 50 years. We are
currently seeking an assistant editor to join our expanding team in Charlotte, North Carolina.
We offer an excellent benefits package that includes medical and dental insurance.
Responsibilities
Assist editors in the acquisition of titles with mainstream appeal; develop manuscripts,
collaborate with outside support, and work closely with two managing editors.
Requirements/Qualifications
Bachelor's degree ina related field
• Minimum of one year of experience in the publishing industry
• Ability to pay close attention to detail
Comfortable working as a team member
• Some experience in gardening preferred
• Immediate availability
E-mail résumé and salary requirements to humanresources@goldhorsepress.com.
161. What title would most likely be published by
Goldhorse Press?
(A) Growing Your Baking Business
(B) A Tour Guide to North Carolina
(C) Planting Perennial Flowers
(D) The Efficient Executive
163. What is a requirement for the advertised
position?
162. What is indicated about Goldhorse Press?
(A) It is hiring two assistant editors.
(B) It provides insurance to employees.
(C) It publishes trade journals.
(D) It is a newly established company.
(A) A passion for gardening
(B) An aptitude for noticing details
(C) A master's degree in a related field
(D) An ability to work without supervision
164. What are applicants asked to do?
(A) Submit a job application form
(B) Submit a list of references
(C) Indicate availability
(D) Indicate desired pay
Questions 165-168 refer to the following online chat session.
Derek Marshall [8:19 A.M.]
Hi, everyone. I wanted to give an update on our merger with Ridgewood, Inc., and see if
you have had any meetings.
Mai Chung [8:20 A.M.]
Have we worked out which of our Derek Boutique locations will stay open?
Derek Marshall [8:21 A.M.]
Yes, Derek Boutique will keep 35 stores open with the full line of clothing. The other 12
will move their inventory to the Ridgewood, Inc., locations.
Nikita Tamboli [8:22 A.M.]
When should the moves be scheduled? This month?
Derek Marshall [8:23 A.M.]
No, the 12 locations don't need to be vacated until the end of next month. Could you
schedule this for five weeks from now?
Anthony Rossi [8:24 A.M.]
I met over lunch with my managers earlier this week, including the two that I just hired.
That would work.
Mai Chung [8:27 A.M.] MOREAD
I'll be meeting with the managers on my staff, too, to review the transition plan.
Derek Marshall [8:28 A.M.]
This is good work, everyone.
Anthony Rossi [8:29 A.M.]
When will the whole process be complete?
Derek Marshall [8:30 A.M.]
Within about 6 months.

165. Where do the writers most likely work?
(A) At a marketing firm
(B) At a clothing company
(C) At a real estate agency
(D) At a newspaper publisher
166. How many stores will be closing?
(A) 5
(B) 6
(C) 12
(D) 35
167. At 8:25 A.M., what does Ms. Tamboli most
likely mean when she writes, "That would
work"?
(A) The current inventory will be doubled.
(B) Ridgewood, Inc., will close in two
weeks.
(C) Mr. Marshall will meet with the
managers.
(D) She can schedule the moves in the
proposed time frame.
168. What is suggested about Ms. Chung and
Mr. Rossi?
(A) They supervise other employees.
(B) They often shop at Ridgewood, Inc.
(C) They recently went to lunch together.
(D) They have concerns about the merger.
Questions 169-171 refer to the following article.
From the Shadows to the Limelight
By Calum Ellwood
Dr. Esther Nujoma, an agricultural biotechnologist with the Namibia Institute
of Applied Sciences, is the author of
several books on the practical applications
of biotechnology. - [1] -. According to
book critic Paige Kinnock of the London
Daily Register, “Dr. Nujoma has increased
the public's awareness of the role of
biotechnology in daily life through her
ability to translate highly complex
scientific material into simple language."
Her latest work, Shining Behind Shadows,
marks a departure from her usual subject
matter. - [2] -. Rather, the book
highlights the lives and careers of twelve
of her peers from Africa and Asia. The
idea came to her three years ago at a
conference in Chile. As Dr. Nujoma
recalls, "Listening to one speaker after
another, I realized that many of my
colleagues are from regions of the world,
such as Africa and Asia, that were
underrepresented." - [3]-
The book is quite compelling. Dr. Nujoma
brings to life the stories of how her peers
were drawn to the profession and the
effort they pour into their work.
The book does, however, fall short in one
respect: it provides insights only into the
lives and careers of those working in the
field of agricultural biotechnology. I
would have welcomed the stories of those
specializing in animal, marine, or medical
biotechnology, too. - [4] -. Even so,
Dr. Nujoma has again succeeded in
creating a work that speaks to experts and
laypeople alike.
169. What is NOT indicated about Dr. Nujoma?
(A) She has visited Chile.
(B) She is a talented writer.
(C) She is based out of Namibia.
Daily Register.
170. What does Mr. Ellwood say about Shining
Behind Shadows?
171. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong? ВS
(A) It focuses on scientists from Africa and
Asia.
(B) It was released three years ago.
(C) It details why Dr. Nujoma chose her
career.
(D) It describes various branches of
biotechnology.
"Its focus is not on applying biotechnology
in real-life situations."
(A) [1]
(B) [2]
(C) [3]
(D) [4]
Questions 172-175 refer to the following noticе.
KINGSTON-GARNET ISLAND PASSENGER FERRY SERVICE
General Information
Beginning on 15 May, the Kingston-Garnet Island Passenger Ferry Service will
resume service for eight weeks during the summer season. Ferries run daily every
half hour from 7 a.m. to 8 p.m. The last ferry to Garnet Island will depart at 7:30 p.m.
The last ferry from Garnet Island will leave at 8 p.m.
Bicycles are permitted on the passenger ferries. Bicyclists should arrive 30 minutes
prior to departure and wait in the special bicycle lane to be loaded first. There are
five racks that hold 50 bicycles on every passenger ferry.
No motorized vehicles are permitted on Garnet Island. Overnight parking is allowed
in the main ferry terminal lot in Kingston. Rates are $5 per hour for up to 4 hours and
a flat fee of $25 for four to 24 hours.
Visit our Web site at www.kgferryservice.com for photographs of the ferry boats, a
map of Garnet Island, lists of local attractions on the island, and information about
peak-hour fare increases and group discounts.
172. What is indicated about the ferry service?
(A) It is available only seasonally.
(B) Its boats were recently upgraded.
(C) It takes an hour to reach the island.
(D) It runs more frequently on weekends.
173. What is true about bicyclists on the ferries?
(A) They are last to board the boat.
(B) They must purchase a special ticket.
(C) They cannot travel on the 7:30 P.м. trip.
(D) They should arrive at the terminal early.
174. What is not allowed on Garnet Island?
(A) Renting bicycles
(B) Driving cars
(C) Camping overnight
(D) Taking photographs
175. What is indicated about the ferry tickets?
(A) They can be purchased at stores in
Kingston.
(B) They are less expensive for children.
(C) They vary in price depending on the
time of travel.
(D) They are more expensive if purchased
on the boat.
Questions 176-180 refer to the following receipt and e-mail.
Thank you for shopping at Green Stripe Press.
Order Number: GSP20896
Customer Information: Shoebox Mountain
Jason Ho <jasonho@shoeboxmountain.com>
Order Date: December 14 (PREPAID: online order)
Expected Delivery: December 18-20
Quantity Item # Item Price
CAL201 Complimentary Wild Animals Calendar $ 0.00
7 ARB132 Accounting Record Book ($19.99 each) $139.93
Subtotal: $139.93
Discount: $ 0.00
Tax @ 6%: $ 8.40
Shipping & Handling: $ 0.00
Total: $148.33
There is no charge for shipping and handling for corporate accounts. For questions
regarding this order, please contact customerservice@greenstripepress.com.
To:
From:
Date:
<customerservice@greenstripepress.com>
Jason Ho <jasonho@shoeboxmountain.com>
December 18
Subject: Order #GSP20899
Dear Green Stripe Press,
I am writing regarding my most recent order (#GSP20896), which was delivered today. If
you check my original order, you will see that I ordered six accounting record books. You
sent us seven copies. I'd like to return the one I didn't order and have our corporate credit
card refunded, together with the shipping cost the return will incur. Let me know how you
would like me to proceed.
On a different note, congratulations on the calendar you included in my order! The photos
are even more stunning than those in the Ancient Castles calendar you sent us last year.
Some staff members saw mine and want copies of their own. Would you mind sending two
more our way?
Best,
Jason Ho, Owner
Shoebox Mountain
176. Why was Mr. Ho not charged a shipping
fee?
(A) He took advantage of a promotion.
(B) He made the purchase for his company.
(C) He picked up his order in person.
(D) He overpaid for shipping on a previous
order.
177. What is true about Mr. Ho's order?
(A) It was damaged in transit.
(B) It included fragile items.
(C) It was paid for by check.
(D) It was delivered on time.
178. According to the e-mail, what was Mr. Ho
sent by mistake?
(A) A castle book he did not order
(B) A calendar for last year
(C) An incorrect refund check
(D) An extra accounting book
179. What is one reason Mr. Ho wrote the
e-mail?
(A) To offer praise for an item
(B) To complain about a price
(C) To order some photo albums
(D) To recommend a graphic designer
180. In the e-mail, the phrase "our way" in
paragraph 2, line 4, is closest in meaning to
(A) in our style
(B) to our address
(C) at our expense
(D) for our benefit
Questions 181-185 refer to the following contact form and e-mail.
https://www.hilgravehistoricalcommission.org/contact_us
Contact the Hilgrave Historical Commission
Name:
E-mail:
Roger Witmondt
Comment:
roger@witmondtlocations.com
I work as a movie location scout. At this time, I need to find a location for a client's
short film. The film will be set in the early 1930s, and I understand that Hilgrave has
some interesting architecture from that era.
Could you suggest places I should visit when I am in Hilgrave next month? Specifically,
I am looking for a vacant building with an old-fashioned storefront that has distinctive
details like stripe-patterned awnings and framed display windows. While having easy
access to electricity would be ideal, it is not critical; my client has a generator that can
be used if necessary. My client's aesthetic requirements are the most important
consideration. Thank you for your assistance.
To:
From:
Date:
roger@witmondtlocations.com
brandi_schaertl@hilgravehistoricalcommission.org
28 September
Subject: The information you requested
Attachment: Hilgrave Sites
Dear Mr. Witmondt,
Thank you for reaching out to the Hilgrave Historical Commission. The attached brochure
lists the main areas of historical interest in Hilgrave. Some buildings may not meet all
your requirements, but they might be worth considering.
One building that is not on the attached list is the old record store at 188 Main Street. It
has been closed to business for the past ten years or so, but it seems to meet your criteria.
The owner, Luke Nylund, is currently using it for storage; I would be happy to put you in
touch with him. I doubt you will have trouble getting permission from him to use the
space. While Hilgrave was once a bustling town, these days there are fewer businesses in
operation. Many of the town's residents would appreciate the attention a short film might
bring to the area.
Best regards,
Brandi Schaertl
|A
181. Why is Mr. Witmondt looking for a filming
location in Hilgrave?
(A) It is known for its scenic mountain
views.
(B) It is a short distance from his office.
(C) Its business district has appeared in
other films.
(D) Its buildings represent a particular time
period.
182. On the contact form, the word "critical" in
paragraph 2, line 4, is closest in meaning to
(A) judgmental
(B) essential
(C) sustainable
(D) available
183. What is implied about 188 Main Street?
(A) It was once used as a residence.
(B) It is frequently visited by tourists.
(C) It has several floors.
(D) It has decorative design features.
184. What does Ms. Schaertl offer to do?
(A) Advertise a forthcoming film
(B) Arrange to have a building cleaned
(C) Connect Mr. Witmondt with a building's
owner
(D) Help Mr. Witmondt acquire necessary
permits from the town
185. What does Ms. Schaertl suggest that
Hilgrave needs?
(A) More publicity
(B) Additional parking
(C) A storage facility
(D) A business directory
Questions 186-190 refer to the following e-mails and Web page.
To:
From:
Subject:
Date:
Attachment:
Dear Cornelia,
Cornelia Payne <cpayne@roughwing.co.uk>
Pragya Mehta <pmehta@airsky.in>
Lecture
18 January
Notes
I am sorry for the late notice, but I will not be able to join you for the lecture. My new
position at the university in Mumbai requires me to remain on campus.
Although I know you are fully prepared to deliver the lecture on your own, I have
attached a copy of the notes I had prepared for the presentation. After you review them, let
me know if there is anything else I can add.
I had very much looked forward to traveling to Freeport, The Bahamas, for the first time
and to seeing you again. I certainly miss working with you at the City University.
Good luck with the lecture.
Pragya
To:
From:
Subject:
Date:
Dear Mr. Halton,
Ezra Halton <ehalton@ansonhouse.org>
Cornelia Payne <cpayne@roughwing.co.uk>
Information
20 January
I am pleased to confirm that 19 March works well for the lecture at the Anson House. As I
had mentioned to you over the phone, I will be giving the lecture on my own.
My publisher, Alphagamma Press, will be sending 30 copies of my most recent work,
coauthored with Dr. Pragya Mehta, to your institution. You and I will both receive an
e-mail confirmation from Alphagamma when the books ship. They should arrive at least a
week before the lecture.
I look forward to meeting you soon.
Cornelia Payne
https://www.theansonhouse.bs
Visit Exhibitions Speaker Series Contact Us
Speaker Series
The Anson House
Freeport, The Bahamas
Tickets for lectures are $35 each or may be purchased at a reduced rate of $90
for the series of three. Complimentary refreshments will be served. Reservations
are not required but are recommended.
7 March, 7:00–8:30 P.M., Ms. Janelle Pears
Go behind the scenes of Anson House with historian Janelle Pears, who is a lifelong
resident of Freeport. Ms. Pears describes the daily life of the original residents of
Anson House.
12 March, 7:00–8:30 P.M., Mr. Gregory Li
Our master gardener speaks about the challenges of restoring historic gardens. Hе
has worked in gardens in Charleston, South Carolina, and Paris, France.
19 March, 7:00–8:30 P.M., Dr. Cornelia Payne
Dr. Payne discusses her most recently published book, The Transatlantic World of the
Nineteenth Century, coauthored with Dr. Pragya Mehta. Dr. Payne has taught at the
City University of Stoke-on-Trent in England for nearly 25 years.
186. Why did Dr. Mehta send the e-mail to
Dr. Payne?
(A) To cancel a vacation plan
(B) To request lecture notes
(C) To confirm a meeting
(D) To offer an apology
187. According to the second e-mail, what did
Dr. Payne do?
(A) Arrange a delivery
(B) Give Mr. Halton a gift
(C) Revise her presentation
(D) Announce an address change
188. What is indicated about Alphagamma
Press?
(A) It has headquarters in The Bahamas.
(B) It regularly ships materials to Anson
House.
(C) It published The Transatlantic World of
the Nineteenth Century.
(D) It is paying Dr. Payne's travel and
accommodation expenses.
189. Where were Dr. Mehta and Dr. Payne most
likely colleagues?
190.
(A) In Mumbai
(B) In Freeport
(C) In Stoke-on-Trent
(D) In Charleston
What is indicated about the Speaker Series
in the Web page?
(A) Discounts are unavailable.
(B) Reservations are optional.
(C) Events are held in the morning.
(D) Refreshments are not included.
Questions 191-195 refer to the following advertisement, e-mail, and press release.
CRYN Group: We find the best employees for your company.
Posted:
Position title and codes:
To apply:
Company:
November 25
• Director of Operations, TL0015
• Marketing Director, TL0023
Quality Control Director, TL0027
•Director of Category Management, TL0045
Send your résumé to mdoro@cryngroup.ca.com with
posting number 2098 in the subject line.
Our client plans to chart an aggressive growth path in Latin America, where it plans
to start operations next year. It is a well-established company widely known for
marketing consumer-health products in North America, and more recently in Europе
and Asia.
Qualifications:
Candidates must have a formal business degree and a proven management record in at
least one international setting. Experience with online sales and marketing preferred.
To:
From:
Re:
Date:
Sven Arvidson <sarvidson@barkent.de.com>
Maria Doro <mdoro@cryngroup.ca.com>
Posting number 2098
December 10
Dear Mr. Arvidson,
Thank you for submitting your résumé. I'd like to schedule a preliminary telephone
conversation with you as soon as possible to determine whether you would be a good
choice for our client. I would particularly like to discuss whether you would be prepared
to work at our client's new facility overseas.
Let me know if you are available for a 30-minute phone call sometime between
10:00 A.M. and 2:00 P.M. EST on Monday or Tuesday of next week. Please respond to me
by e-mail at your earliest convenience.
Maria Doro
CRYN Group
For immediate release For further information, contact Julie Dryden at 416-555-0103
Tayerson Ltd. Names New Director
Toronto, April 5-Tayerson Ltd. continues to staff its new international outpost, which
opens one month from today. In this case, the lucky candidate is Sven Arvidson. "Category
Management is a relatively new area-and one that I'm sure I'll enjoy exploring and
developing as director," Mr. Arvidson said. "As a major online marketer of nutritional
supplements, Tayerson is poised to lead the way toward better living while becoming a
more vibrant, more profitable corporation."
Mr. Arvidson has held several key management positions throughout his career, most
recently at Barkent Pharmaceuticals in Germany. He was alsoa partner at MSZ Consulting
Group, where he provided marketing guidance to leading consumer-product companies in
Canada and China.
191. According to the advertisement, what
qualification is not required of applicants?
192.
(A) A degree in business
(B) Previous employment in a managerial
position
(C) Experience working overseas
(D) Online sales and marketing experience
What most likely is the location of the
position for which Mr. Arvidson applied?
(A) Latin America
(B) North America
(C) Europe
(D) Asia
193. What does Ms. Doro ask Mr. Arvidson to
provide in his reply?
(A) Information on his leadership skills
(B) His availability for an interview
(C) A current résumé
(D) The names of two references
194. What job code did Mr. Arvidson most likely
reference in his application?
(A) TL0015
(B) TL0023
(C) TL0027
(D) TL0045
195. According to the press release, what does
Tayerson Ltd. sell?
(A) Medical devices
(B) Accounting software
(C) Nutritional supplements
(D) Exercise equipment
Questions 196-200 refer to the following brochure, e-mail, and schedule.
FGJ's
FGJ's Business Expert Series
Prospect Data Purchasing
45-Minute Webinar
11 May, 2:30 P.м.
Every department in an organisation needs information
to make business decisions. Marketing professionals in
particular rely on accurate data about potential customers
to be successful. In this Webinar, Briana Carrera, chief
financial officer of Pile One Market Data, explains how to
avoid the pitfalls of acquiring incomplete data and provides
tips on what to ask your prospective data provider to ensure
that your next batch of data leads to the results you want.
*E-mail*
To: Sandra Lescure
From:
Date:
Gino Stelleti
12 May
Subject: Subject: FGJ's Webinar
Dear Sandra,
You had asked me to give you a report on the Webinar I attended yesterday about
acquiring data. To be honest, even though the facilitator was clearly knowledgeable, she
did not tell me anything I didn't already know. I was hoping that she would show us the
differences between the many types of databases out there, but she never touched on that
topic. I am not so sure all these Webinars are useful; in the end, they always seem to be
steering us to purchase from one particular company or another-in this case it was Pile
One. Having said that, the new schedule just came out, and there is another Webinar
coming up soon that I am hoping will provide the information I want about how to store
and sort data. I have already signed up for it; I will keep you posted about what I learn.
Gino
Upcoming 45-Minute Webinars in FGJ's Business Expert Series
Basics of Market Research 1 June, 9:30 A.M. Ed Quinones €12.00
Tips for Accelerating Sales 12 June, 9:30 A.M. Cameron Stone €16.00
What is Market Automation? 5 July, 11:00 А.М. Ed Quinones €12.00
Choosing the Right Database 17 July, 2:00 P.м. Selina Tucci €12.00
The Business Expert Series is organised by Tuyet Nguyen. Please address any
questions to her at tnguyen@fgj.org. To access Webinar content, attendance is
required as Webinars are not recorded for later viewing.
196. According to the brochure, who would
benefit most from the Prospect Data
Purchasing Webinar?
(A) A financial analyst
(B) A marketing manager
(C) A customer-service representative (D) An information-technology specialist
197. What was Mr. Stelleti's complaint about the
Webinar?
(A) He did not like the format.
(B) He did not learn anything new.
199. When will Mr. Stelleti most likely attend
another Webinar?
(A) On June 1
(B) On June 12
(C) On July 5
(D) On July 17
200. Acсording to the schedule, what do all of
the Webinars have in common?
(C) He had difficulty hearing everything.
(D) He found the topic to be too complex.
198. What does Mr. Stelleti suggest about
Ms. Carrera?
(A) She recently joined a new company.
(B) She has experience managing
databases.
(C) She had asked him to sign up for the
Webinar.
(D) She tried to sell her company's
services.
(A) They cost the same amount.
(B) They are held in the morning.
(C) They last the same amount of time.
(D) They are recorded for future playback.
เฉลยข
อถ
เว
บไซต

ให้เลื

อนลงไป เลือกชุดที

ต้องการดูเช่น ชุดเทาเทา
จะเจอหน้านี

กดเลือกเลย
ว่
าจะชุดเล่ม
ไหน
เทา เล่ม 4
ดูที

หน้านี

เลื

อนลงมาเรื

อยๆ เจอ
แน่นอนงับบ
ยด
ยดจะต
องด
ในแอพครบ
IOS จะแยกพารท
อ่าน พารท
อันนี

จะเป็
นแอพของ Android จะรวม
พารท
อ่าน พารท
์ ฟังในแอพเดียวกัน
ทําข้อสอบในแอพได้เลย
แบ่งทําควิ
ซ ทําควิ
ซแยกพารท
ที

ไม่
ถนัดได้
าตอบได้- มีสรุปคํ
าศัพท
ครังที

ทําข้อสอบ
วอย
าง Feature ในแอพ
ทําข้อสอบในแอพได้เลย
แบ่งทําควิ
ซ ทําควิ
ซแยก
พารท
ที

ไม่ถนัดได้
คํ
าศัพท
เฉลยไว้
อ่านต่อ
ปล Audio ไฟล
ได้ด้วยนะ
วอย
าง Feature ในแอพ
มีบันทึกคะแนนที

ทํา คํ
านวณ
คะแนนให้ด้วยนะ
มีคํ
าศัพท
์ให้ด้วย
มีให้ฝึกทํา CBT ในแอพ
เฉลยข
อถ
เว
บไซต

ให้เลื

อนลงไป เลือกชุดที

ต้องการดูเช่น ชุดเทาเทา
จะเจอหน้านี

กดเลือกเลย
ว่
าจะชุดเล่ม
ไหน
เทา เล่ม 4
ดูที

หน้านี

เลื

อนลงมาเรื

อยๆ เจอ
แน่นอนงับบ
ยด
ยดจะต
องด
ในแอพครบ
IOS จะแยกพารท
อ่าน พารท
อันนี

จะเป็
นแอพของ Android จะรวม
พารท
อ่าน พารท
์ ฟังในแอพเดียวกัน
ทําข้อสอบในแอพได้เลย
แบ่งทําควิ
ซ ทําควิ
ซแยกพารท
ที

ไม่
ถนัดได้
าตอบได้- มีสรุปคํ
าศัพท
ครังที

ทําข้อสอบ
วอย
าง Feature ในแอพ
ทําข้อสอบในแอพได้เลย
แบ่งทําควิ
ซ ทําควิ
ซแยก
พารท
ที

ไม่ถนัดได้
คํ
าศัพท
เฉลยไว้
อ่านต่อ
ปล Audio ไฟล
ได้ด้วยนะ
วอย
าง Feature ในแอพ
มีบันทึกคะแนนที

ทํา คํ
านวณ
คะแนนให้ด้วยนะ
มีคํ
าศัพท
์ให้ด้วย
มีให้ฝึกทํา CBT ในแอพ
เฉลยข
อถ
เว
บไซต

ให้เลื

อนลงไป เลือกชุดที

ต้องการดูเช่น ชุดเทาเทา
จะเจอหน้านี

กดเลือกเลย
ว่
าจะชุดเล่ม
ไหน
เทา เล่ม 4
ดูที

หน้านี

เลื

อนลงมาเรื

อยๆ เจอ
แน่นอนงับบ
ยด
ยดจะต
องด
ในแอพครบ
IOS จะแยกพารท
อ่าน พารท
อันนี

จะเป็
นแอพของ Android จะรวม
พารท
อ่าน พารท
์ ฟังในแอพเดียวกัน
ทําข้อสอบในแอพได้เลย
แบ่งทําควิ
ซ ทําควิ
ซแยกพารท
ที

ไม่
ถนัดได้
าตอบได้- มีสรุปคํ
าศัพท
ครังที

ทําข้อสอบ
วอย
าง Feature ในแอพ
ทําข้อสอบในแอพได้เลย
แบ่งทําควิ
ซ ทําควิ
ซแยก
พารท
ที

ไม่ถนัดได้
คํ
าศัพท
เฉลยไว้
อ่านต่อ
ปล Audio ไฟล
ได้ด้วยนะ
วอย
าง Feature ในแอพ
มีบันทึกคะแนนที

ทํา คํ
านวณ
คะแนนให้ด้วยนะ
มีคํ
าศัพท
์ให้ด้วย
มีให้ฝึกทํา CBT ในแอพ
