PART 7
Directions: In this part you will read a selection of texts, such as magazine and newspaper articles,
e-mails, and instant messages. Each text or set of texts is followed by several questions. Select the
best answer for each question and mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
Questions 147-148 refer to the following text message.
Chakia Brown [3:32 P.M.]
Hi, Ziva. I just met with the Han board of directors,
and they're interested in our redesign proposal for their
downtown office buildings. Amy Han asked for another
work sample, but I didn't have the right portfolio with
me. I'm heading to another meeting, so please have a
messenger deliver a copy of the Grainger Centre files
to her. Include the full set of plans. Thanks!
147. Where does Ms. Brown most likely work?
(A) At an accounting firm
(B) At an architectural firm
(C) At a Web design company
(D) At a market research company
148. What is Ziva asked to do?
(A) Reply to a text message
(B) Create a portfolio
(C) Set up a meeting
(D) Send a work sample
Questions 149-150 refer to the following e-mail.
E-Mail Message
To: Oak Lane Fashion cashiers
From: Jane Benson
Date: July 8
Subject: Update
Beginning August 1, Oak Lane Fashion will only accept returns or exchanges of unworn
and undamaged clothing that has the original receipt.
This information will be posted at all checkout counters by next week. We will also
send an e-mail to our existing customers so that they are aware of the new rule. If a
customer wishes to make a return without a receipt, please call the manager on duty for
assistance. Thanks for your help.
Jane Benson
Director of Operations
149. What is the purpose of the e-mail?
(A) To request a sales report
(B) To announce a new policy
(C) To discuss a fashion trend
(D) To describe an upcoming sale
150. According to the e-mail, what will managers do?
(A) Decide how to display new
merchandise
(B) Train staff to use the cash register
(C) Help customers with special requests
(D) Decide what items get price discounts
Questions 151-152 refer to the following Web page.
https://www.carmontmedia.co.tt
Carmont Media's Culture
Home Programs Services About Us Contact Us
At Carmont Media, our work culture is mission driven. We hire people who
share a common goal of enriching listeners' minds through engaging and truthful
news stories. We also actively recruit a diverse staff to reflect our Trinidadian and
Tobagonian audiences. Carmont Media's diversity contributes to its Star teams.
These teams, composed of workers from all levels of the organization, meet
regularly to hold brainstorming sessions aimed at improving efficiency and
productivity. Carmont Media offers opportunities for professional advancement
and encourages work-life balance.
151. What is mentioned about Carmont Media's
employees?
(A) They get experience in various
departments.
(B) They enjoy working for the
organization.
(C) They come from a variety of
backgrounds.
agency.
152. What is a purpose of Carmont Media's Star
teams?
(A) Seeking new employees
(B) Raising funds for projects
(C) Promoting work-life balance
(D) Finding creative solutions
Questions 153-154 refer to the following text-message chain.
Louisa Santos 9:30 A.M.
Kenji, where are you? The job candidates are here.
Kenji Muro 9:31 A.M.
Sorry! The bridge is closed. My bus had to take a detour. I should be
there in 30 minutes. Please start without me.
Louisa Santos 9:34 А.M.
OK. I'm going to interview Elena Crenshaw first.
Kenji Muro 9:34 A.M.
Good. She's the one with experience at another T-shirt company.
Louisa Santos 9:35 A.M.
Yes. Can you believe our small company has grown so much that
we need to hire someone just to process orders?
Kenji Muro 9:36 A.M.
I know! OK. I'll see you soon.
153. What does Mr. Muro want Ms. Santos
to do?
(A) Process some orders
(B) Make a hiring decision
(C) Reschedule a meeting
(D) Talk to a job candidate
154. At 9:36 A.M., what does Mr. Muro mean
when he writes, "I know"?
(A) He is also surprised by the company's
growth.
(B) He thinks salaries should be higher.
(C) He has met Ms. Crenshaw before.
(D) He is certain his bus will arrive in
30 minutes.
Questions 155-157 refer to the following article from a company newsletter.
Mark Chandler is Back!
The Administrative Services Division
welcomes back to headquarters Associate
Director Mark Chandler. -[1]-. Mark
spent the last month in Ottawa attending an
advanced training session about corporate
information security. Corporate-security
training allows a company to safeguard its
sensitive, confidential, and proprietary
information.
Mark is among a growing number of corporate
executives who have successfully graduated
from this rigorous course. -[2]- A
member of the National Organization of
Corporate Security Officers (NOCSO), Mark
was formally recognized by the organization
for his part in developing software that keeps
electronic documents safe. -[3]- Well
done, Mark! -[4]-.
155. What is the purpose of the article?
(A) To recognize an employee's
accomplishments
(B) To introduce a new staff member
(C) To clarify what information is
considered confidential
(D) To describe the challenges of corporate
security
156. How did Mr. Chandler improve corporate
security?
157. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?
"The training included 60 hours of
instruction and a comprehensive written
exam."
(A) [1]
(B) [2]
(C) [3]
(D) [4]
(A) He trained his company's security
officers.
(B) He helped design a system for securely
storing documents.
(C) He assisted in developing new safety
guidelines.
(D) He recruited employees who specialize
in corporate security.
Questions 158-160 refer to the following card.
Congratulations on purchasing Megagroome, the world's finest rechargeable shaver! To keep your shaver in top condition, clean
your shaver weekly by running it under hot water. Once a month,
disassemble the shaver and clean the internal portion thoroughly
as shown in the owner's manual. The shaving heads should be
replaced every year with the replacement parts listed in the
manual.
The Megagroome shaver has a lithium ion battery that should last
for several years. Please charge the shaver as often as needed. It is
not necessary to fully discharge the battery before recharging it.
Use only the included charger, because use of any other charger
may void the warranty. Complete instructions and details can be
found in the owner's manual. Megagroome
158. Where would the card most likely be found?
(A) Inside a box with a product
(B) On a bulletin board
(C) In a product display at a store
(D) In the pages of a magazine
159. How often should the shaver be taken
apart?
(A) Daily
(B) Weekly
(C) Monthly
160. What is indicated about the shaver's
battery?
(A) It must run out before charging.
(B) It may be charged whenever
necessary.
(C) It is able to hold a charge for a week.
(D) It will work with different chargers.
(D) Annually
Questions 161-163 refer to the following Web page.
http://www.diversifymuseum.org
DIVERSIFY MUSEUM
A Museum of Cross-Cultural History and Artifacts
We are proud to announce our newest exhibit: South American Art.
The exhibit will open on 7 June as part of the museum's ongoing Arts Around the World
programme. All museum patrons who have paid the museum entrance fee may view the
exhibit. It will feature historical and contemporary artwork displays from renowned South
American artists.
The curator of the six-week exhibition, Julio Carrera, will bring his vast expertise to the
museum. Before joining the museum's management in March of this year, Mr. Carrera
was the curator for the Brazilian Institute of the Arts for six years and spent three years
studying ancient artifacts for the Centro de la Historia del Arte, an art preservation centre
in Venezuela.
The South American Art exhibit will include paintings, sculptures, crafting tools, clothing,
jewellery, murals, and clay pottery from six South American countries. Visiting artists
from these countries will provide art workshops on select dates in July. The cost for each
workshop is £10 in addition to the regular admission fee and includes basic art supplies.
161. What is indicated about the South American
Art exhibit?
(A) It is the first exhibit in the Arts Around
the World program.
(B) It will be on display only through the
end of June.
(C) It includes both old and new art.
(D) It focuses on wall hangings and murals.
162. Who is Mr. Carrera?
(A) A visiting artist
(B) An art journalist
(C) A volunteer tour guide
(D) A museum employee
163. According to the Web page, what can
museum patrons do for an extra fee?
(A) Watch a video on South America
(B) Attend an art class
(C) Explore a new exhibit
(D) Sponsor an upcoming exhibit
Questions 164-167 refer to the following online chat discussion.
Ω
Oliver Koh (10:15 А.M.)
Hi, Aaron and Denise. Do you know if a package has arrived for me? I was supposed to get
a delivery of some documents today, but maybe they were sent to someone else by mistake.
It's from Schrantz Farm Organics and should be labeled urgent.
Aaron Koskinen (10:17 A.M.)
There's nothing for you here at the front desk. You might want to check with the print shop
on the ground floor.
Denise Matova (10:18 A.M.)
There's a package from Schrantz Farm Organics here in the mail room, but there's no name
on it.
Oliver Koh (10:18 A.М.)
That must be the one for me. Could you please look at the delivery slip again?
Denise Matova (10:19 A.M.)
Sorry, it does have your name on it. It was so small I didn't notice it.
Oliver Koh (10:20 A.М.)
Great! Could you have the package sent up to my office please?
Denise Matova (10:20 A.M.)
No problem. I'm going upstairs ina minute anyway.
Oliver Koh (10:21 А.М.)
OK, thanks for your help.
164. Why did Mr. Koh start the online chat
discussion?
(B)
(A)
 He
He
 has
received
 a meeting
 a damaged
 with a

package.
client soon.
(C) He is expecting some important
documents.
(D) He delivered a shipment to the wrong
person.
165. What does Mr. Koskinen recommend
doing?
(A) Calling Schrantz Farm Organics
(B) Changing a meeting place
(C) Going to the front desk
(D) Checking a different location
166. At 10:19 A.M., what does Ms. Matova most
likely mean when she writes, "Sorry"?
(A) She misplaced a delivery slip.
(B) She arrived late to work today.
(C) She would like Mr. Koh to repeat his
instructions.
(D) She made a mistake reading a label.
167. What will Ms. Matova probably do with the
package?
(A) Take it to Mr. Koh
(B) Send it out by express mail
(C) Leave it at the front desk
(D) Remove the items from it
Questions 168-171 refer to the following e-mail.
From: Won Ho Kim
To: Management Team
Date: 12 August
Subject: Improving employee satisfaction
Management Team:
-[1] -. Over the next few months, the Human Resources department will be engaging
with the Management Team in a variety of conversations about increasing productivity and
employee satisfaction. - [2] -.
Telecommuting, in which employees are permitted to work from home all or part of the
time, is an approach that many companies are using because it allows employees to work
on tasks that may be difficult to complete in an office full of disruptions. With the building
reconfiguration project coming up in January, we would like to take the opportunity to
consider whether telecommuting would be a good solution for our company. Our final
decision on this matter will influence the way in which the work space is reorganized.
I am writing to ask for your feedback. - [3] -. At this point, Human Resources is simply
gathering information. Please complete the telecommuting survey, which is found on the
Human Resources Web site. - [4]-. Just look for the link on the left side of the home
page.
Thank you in advance, and please let me know if you have any questions.
Won Ho Kim
Human Resources Manager GHTY Engineering, Inc.
168. Why was the e-mail sent?
(A) To remind employees about a policy
(B) To request participation in a survey
(C) To discuss upcoming meetings
(D) To encourage employees to attend an
event
169. What is mentioned as a benefit of
telecommuting?
(A) It helps employees work without
interruptions.
(B) It frees up space in the building for new
workers.
(C) It is good for the environment.
(D) It saves the company money.
170. What is the company planning to do in the
new year?
(A) Hire a new human resources manager
(B) Reorganize the management team
(C) Change the layout of its building
(D) Introduce a new Web site
171. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?
"It should be noted that no decisions about
telecommuting have been made."
(A) [1]
(B) [2]
(C) [3]
(D) [4]
Questions 172-175 refer to the following schedule of events.
The Uppsala International Book Fair
22-24 September Berglund Conference Hall • Uppsala, Sweden
Schedule for Friday, 22 September
Outthinking Public Opinion 12:00 noon-1:00 P.M., Salon A
Touring to promote his latest book, Outthinking Public Opinion, author Damian Schnauz
makes a stop at the Uppsala International Book Fair to discuss his latest subject, take
questions, and sign his books.
Introductory Course in Graphic Design 1:30–2:30 P.M., Visual Media Centre
Professional digital designers Allen Doubek and Ivanette Lacasse will present useful
techniques and provide attendees with hands-on practice opportunities.
Seminar on Online Publishing 3:00-4:30 P.M., Lindqvist Auditorium
Releasing and promoting e-books and audiobooks on the Internet. Speakers: Kenneth
Pulaski, editor-in-chief of Vendler Publishing, and Tina Savona, marketing manager at
Vendler Publishing. All accompanying materials will be sold at the venue immediately
before and after the seminar.
Readership in the Digital Age 5:00-6:30 P.M., Room 210
Is literacy promoted or inhibited by digital media? Debate moderated by Greg Gunnarson.
To attend these or any other sessions, purchase a daily admission ticket for 100 kr.
Note that reservations are not required for any session, but seating is limited, so please
arrive a few minutes before the scheduled time to ensure a seat. Also note that while
photos are permitted, no video recordings may be made of any presentation.
• Meals are available for purchase at locations throughout Berglund Conference Hall.
Information about accommodations may be obtained on our Web site at uibf.se/hotels.
172. What is suggested about the first day of the
Uppsala International Book Fair?
(A) It is being organized by a team of
publishers.
(B) No sessions are scheduled for the
morning hours.
(C) Attendance is expected to be the
highest on that day.
(D) Mr. Schnauz will announce the subject
of his next book.
173. Where will book fair attendees be able to
participate in interactive activities?
(A) In Salon A
(B) In the Visual Media Centre
(C) In Lindqvist Auditorium
(D) In Room 210
174. What is mentioned about the accompanying
materials for the seminar?
(A) They can be purchased on-site.
(B) They can be downloaded online.
(C) They are available in limited numbers.
(D) They should be ordered from the
presenters.
175. What are book fair attendees encouraged
to do?
(A) Ask questions after sessions
(B) Post photos on social media
(C) Rearrange seats as necessary
(D) Arrive early for sessions
Questions 176-180 refer to the following Web page and e-mail.
http://www.mountainandforest.ca/custserv/shippinginfo
Clothing Gear Customer Service About Us
Mountain and Forest Company
The Leader in Quality Camping and Hiking Gear
Please note that most regular electronic or phone orders can be processed and made ready
for shipping almost immediately. Custom and personalized orders may take up to five days for
processing before they are shipped.
Please direct any questions or concerns to our customer service department at
service@mountainandforest.ca. We will respond within 24 hours.
Our shipping rates:
Order cost with tax Overnight shipping
(1 day)
Express shipping
(3 days)
Standard
(6-8 days)
Under $25 $8 $5 $3
$25 to $100 $13 $7 $5
Over $100 $18 $15 FREE
To: service@mountainandforest.ca
From: jinheeshin@sharemail.ca
Date: 10 January
Subject: Order B 75 02 2
I recently placed an order for $135 for hiking boots and a thermal jacket intended for a
camping trip this weekend. According to the confirmation I received at the time of my
purchase, my order should have arrived yesterday. Since I paid an additional fee for
three-day shipping, I was expecting that my order would arrive in a timely fashion. As it
has not, I am requesting a refund of the shipping cost. Additionally, if my order has not
been delivered by tomorrow, please cancel my order as I will have to purchase similar
items at a local shop.
Sincerely,
Jin-Hee Shin
176. In the Web page, what is indicated about
Mountain and Forest's shipping?
(A) Standard shipping is free for orders
under $25.
(B) Some shipped orders may take up to
eight days to arrive.
(C) The shipping cost depends on the total
weight of an order.
(D) Custom orders are not eligible for
standard delivery.
177. In the Web page, the word "direct" in
paragraph 2, line 1, is closest in meaning to
(A) address
(B) supervise
(C) prescribe
(D) handle
178. What is the purpose of the e-mail?
(A) To suggest a new service policy
(B) To inquire about an order packing error
(C) To request a personalized item
(D) To report a delivery problem
179. How much did Ms. Shin pay for shipping?
(A) $5
(B) $8
(C) $15
(D) $18
180. According to the e-mail, why might Ms. Shin
decide to visit a local shop?
(A) She expects to purchase her items for
a lower price.
(B) She wants to support businesses in her
town.
(C) She needs to have her items before a
certain date.
(D) She hopes to find a greater selection of
sportswear.
Questions 181-185 refer to the following schedule and e-mail.
Society for Trade and Industry (STI)
"The Role of Distance Education in Professional Training"
City University of Abu Dhabi, 11–13 October
DRAFT: Schedule for Wednesday, 11 October
7:30 A.M. -9:00 А.м. Conference Registration
9:00 A.M.-9:10 А.М. Welcome and Opening Remarks: Yasmin Al Gaood,
Conference Chair
9:15 A.M.-10:00 А.M. Opening Keynote Address: Ayumi Murakami, STI President
10:05 A.м.-10:50 А.M. Title of presentation unknown: representative to be selected,
Yaoundé College of Agriculture, Cameroon
10:55 A.м.-11:40 А.M. Innovative Online Resources: Chia Po Cheng, Taipei
Business Management Institute, Taiwan
11:45 A.м.-1:20 P.M. Lunch (Turquoise Center, central campus)
1:30 P.M.-2:15 р.М. Distance Education in the Film Industry: representative
from Scotland to be selected
2:20 P.м.-3:05 р.м. Improving Course Content Quality: Andrei Durchenko,
Moscow Journalism Academy, Russia
3:10 P.M.-4:00 Р.М. Learner Support Systems: Marcel Peralta, School of
Pediatric Dentistry, Asunción, Paraguay
From: Ayumi Murakami <amurakami@sti.org>
To: Yasmin Al Gaood <yasmin.algaood@cuad.ac.ae>
Subject: Re: Draft conference schedule for Wednesday
Date: 25 August
Hello, Yasmin,
As per your request, I have filled the slots that were listed as still available on the
tentative conference schedule for Wednesday. Dr. Alban Buchanan in Scotland says that he
is eager to talk about distance education as it is practiced within the film academies in his
country. Also, my contact in Yaoundé wrote to let me know that Ms. Marie-Thérèse
Tchangou will be the school's representative.
Mr. Andrei Durchenko has informed me that he is withdrawing from the conference.
replacement from the same school, Ms. Melina Vakhitova, will submit the title of her
presentation shortly.
His
I also wanted to add that I will be arriving in Abu Dhabi at 6:00 A.M. on Wednesday. That
should give me plenty of time to set up for my presentation.
Regards,
Ayumi
181. What is indicated about Ms. Murakami?
(A) She will speak on the first day of the
conference.
(B) She was recently elected STI president.
(C) She will be available to answer
questions.
(D) She is scheduled to present in the
afternoon.
182. When will a specialist in business
management be speaking?
(A) At 10:05 А.м.
(B) At 10:55 A.м.
(C) At 2:20 Р.м.
(D) At 3:10 Р.м.
183. In the e-mail, in paragraph 1, line 1, the
word "slots" is closest in meaning to
(A) reservations
(B) machines
(C) openings
(D) buildings
184. What presentation will have to be
canceled?
(A) Innovative Online Resources
(B) Distance Education in the Film Industry
(C) Improving Course Content Quality
(D) Learner Support Systems
185. According to the e-mail, what information is
Ms. Murakami expecting to receive?
(A) The title of a presentation
(B) The name of a replacement speaker
(C) The conference schedule for Thursday
(D) The contact information for
Mr. Buchanan
Questions 186-190 refer to the following e-mail, list, and article.
From: mstoch@hesidionclinic.com
To: Istawinski@nostilde.com
Date: March 20
Subject: Hesidion Clinic's Health Awareness Day
Dear Ms. Stawinski,
In appreciation of your loyalty as a long-time patient of Hesidion Clinic, we are pleased
invite you to our clinic's Health Awareness Day to be held at the clinic on Saturday,
April 10. We would be delighted to see you attend, as we will offer a number of activities
designed to promote health awareness in our community. If you sign up for this special
event by responding to this e-mail by March 31, you will receive a code to present at the
clinic for a surprise benefit.
Martin Stoch, Communications Director, Hesidion Clinic
to
Hesidion Clinic Health Awareness Day, April 10
Tasks and Responsibilities
Communications: Martin Stoch
• Advertising: Adilene Walker
Presentations: Jillian Opala (Nutrition),
Lance Verhoeven (Fitness)
Kids' Health Game: Susan Hayashi
Health Checkups/Talks: Anne Spillane,
Rami Al-Araj, Kurt Yin, Thierry Daumas
Health Day at Hesidion Clinic
by Shai Herzog on April 14
Hesidion Clinic hosted a successful Health
Awareness Day this past Saturday. The
event was held as a way to thank the
community for supporting the clinic over
the past 15 years. It was well attended by
both Hesidion Clinic patients and members
of the general public.
Attendees participated in a variety of
presentations and everyone received free
water bottles, notepads, and other items
from event sponsors. Participants who
provided a special code were offered a
complimentary physical checkup from the
team of clinic physicians.
During the event, a sizable line formed
at Dr. Thierry Daumas' table. "I came out
today to learn about skin care and advances
in eye-care technology. But Dr. Daumas' talk
about how to prevent cavities and improve
186. What is Ms. Stawinski encouraged to do?
(A) Complete a survey
(B) Go to an event
(C) Organize some activities
(D) Meet with Mr. Stoch
187. How did some attendees get a free health
checkup?
(A) By arriving when the clinic opened
(B) By attending Dr. Daumas' talk
(C) By responding to an e-mail from
Mr. Stoch
(D) By winning a competition
188. What does Dr. Daumas most likely
specialize in?
(A) Skin
(B) Ears
(C) Eyes
(D) Teeth
oral health provided me with the most helpful
information," said attendee Liana Stawinski.
By far the most popular event was
nutritionist Jillian Opala's presentation on
healthy eating habits. More than 100
people, many of them retirees, flocked to
hear the latest on super foods. The event
took nearly twice as long as expected, as
Ms. Opala answered a steady stream of
participant questions.
Children were delighted to take part in a
health contest involving questions about
general health and hygiene. The winners
received toys and certificates from the
game host. The day was such a success that
Hesidion Clinic director, Lance Verhoeven,
is already considering making it an annual
event.
189. What is indicated about the presentation on
food?
(A) It was filmed.
(B) It was postponed.
(C) It attracted a lot of attention.
(D) It was given by a retired clinic
employee.
190. Who most likely distributed certificates?
(A) Mr. Stoch
(B) Ms. Hayashi
(C) Ms. Spillane
(D) Mr. Verhoeven
Questions 191-195 refer to the following brochure, review, and e-mail.
STUDY BUSINESS IN SINGAPORE
The Singapore Business School (SBS) is located in the heart of
Singapore's financial district. We offer a range of high-quality
courses aimed at preparing students for graduate school. Between
classroom sessions you can explore the city and cultivate business
connections. We offer content-based classes, such as finance,
economics, and international marketing, as well as classes on preparing graduate
school applications, including developing CVs and writing personal statements.
We have helped thousands of students gain entry into graduate programmes around
the world. We boast a number of high-profile part-time instructors who are experts
in their fields, including Diara Rhodes, chief financial officer of Auto Drive Korea,
and Farah Wan, vice president of the Kuala Lumpur Union Lenders. For more
information about our impressive faculty and course offerings, or to enroll online,
visit our Web site at www.sbs.edu.sg.
http://www.sbs.edu.sg/reviews
Home Classes Reviews Contact Us
What Our Students Are Saying
3 June by Atsushi Koshi
I took a finance course at SBS. The school I am now attending in the United Kingdom
had a prerequisite that I had not fulfilled while earning my Bachelor's degree, so the
eight-week course was convenient. However, I couldn't afford the high rent in the
area, so I had to commute, and the traffic in that area is terrible. I wish SBS offered
a dormitory for students at the school. The quality of instruction was superb. My
lecturer was Diara Rhodes. Though she tended to rush through lectures, discussing
a wide range of topics in a small amount of time, I did learn a lot from the reading
and from her descriptions of real-world experiences. The way she solved business
problems was a source of inspiration during my graduate school interview, and it is
also helping me in my current classes.
*E-mail*
To: atsushi.koshi@scholarmail.co.uk
From: Isommersell@sbs.edu.sg
Subjeatt: Your review
Date: 15 August
Dear Mr. Koshi,
Thank you for your feedback. You're not the first person to voice this particular
concern. Just so you know, we plan on addressing it by following your recommendation.
Students who take classes with us starting as early as 1 January will be able to take
advantage of this new benefit. Please be sure to mention this to anyone you know who
is thinking about taking a class with us.
Kind regards,
Lauri Sommersell
191. Who is the brochure intended for?
(A) Business professionals
(B) Potential graduate students
(C) Instructors seeking employment
(D) Aspiring writers
192. What is indicated about SBS?
(A) It is located in a busy area.
(B) It offers financial assistance.
(D) It has employment-assistance services.
193. What does Mr. Koshi mention about his
lecturer?
(A) She required a lot of reading.
(B) She covered topics quickly.
(C) She provided few examples.
(D) She encouraged in-class participation.
194. Where does Mr. Koshi's instructor work
when she is not teaching?
(A) At SBS
(B) At a bank in Singapore's financial
district
(C) At Auto Drive Korea
(D) At Kuala Lumpur Union Lenders
195. How will SBS be addressing Mr. Koshi's
complaint?
(A) By hiring more faculty
(B) By reducing the length of classes
(C) By adding more transportation options
(D) By building student housing on campus
Questions 196-200 refer to the following advertisement, application, and letter.
SEEKING FULL-TIME LINE COOK
The Delphine Street Grill is a high-profile restaurant serving New Orleans
since 1924. We are seeking a line cook to prepare select sautéed items and
sauces under the supervision of the executive chef.The ideal candidate will
have at least one year of related cooking experience or will have completed a
two-year apprenticeship in a well-established restaurant. Demonstrated ability
to prepare innovative dishes as well as classic Cajun-style cuisine is required.
To apply, go to www.delphinestreetgrill.com/careers.
www.delphinestreetgrill.com/careers/line_cook/apply
Name: Anton Hoang
E-mail: antonh94@textmail.com
Phone: 504.555.0177
Related education: Associates degree in culinary arts, Boudreau Community College
Current employer/title: River Ferry Café, Line Cook Time employed: Six months
Previous employer/title: Hotel Lenoir, Apprentice Time employed: Two years
Previous employer/title: Picard Seafood, Intern Time employed: Three months
Résumé: ☑Attached
Reference list: ☑ Attached
Cover letter:
I am very interested in the position of line cook at the Delphine Street Grill. For the
past six months, I have been the line cook for a café serving traditional Cajun meals.
Since the café has only recently been opened, I am responsible for preparing nearly
all menu items. I completed my apprenticeship at the famous Hotel Lenoir, working
side-by-side with Celebrity Chef Eugénie Mirone. In addition, as Ted Overbeck
(my mentor and instructor at Boudreau Community College) can confirm, I am able
to develop creative new recipes. In fact, while at the college, I was awarded the
Excellence in Innovation Prize for a Vietnamese-style sandwich recipe I crafted,
which is now on the menu at the college's cafeteria.
SUBMIT APPLICATION
BOUDREAU COMMUNITY COLLEGE
School of Culinary Arts
Marie Beaumont
Delphine Street Grill
3248 Delphine Street
New Orleans, LA 70117
Dear Ms. Beaumont:
I am writing in regard to Anton Hoang's application for employment. Since Mr. Overbeck
is on leave this semester, he asked me to respond in his place. Mr. Hoang, who graduated
in the top five of his class, demonstrated exceptional culinary skill and a strong desire to
learn. He received a glowing review from Sabine Riou, the renowned chef who supervised
his three-month internship. I am confident Mr. Hoang will be a valuable asset to your
establishment.
Sincerely,
Li3 Flores
Liz Flores
Associate Director of Culinary Arts
196. What is indicated about the line cook
position?
(A) It is a two-year contract.
(B) It requires working the late-night shift.
(C) It includes supervising the apprentices.
(D) It involves preparing a limited variety of
dishes.
197. What is true about Mr. Hoang?
199. What is suggested about Boudreau
Community College?
(A) It gives out culinary awards.
(B) It offers free cooking workshops.
(C) It needs a new chef for its cafeteria.
(D) It invites celebrity chefs as guest
speakers.
200. Where does Ms. Riou most likely work?
(A) At the River Ferry Café
(B) At Hotel Lenoir
(A) He is applying to work at several
restaurants.
(B) He meets the requirements of the
position.
(C) At Picard Seafood
(C) He has appeared on television with
Ms. Mirone.
(D) At the Delphine Street Grill
(D) He taught at a culinary school in
Vietnam.
198. Who is Mr. Overbeck?
(A) An executive chef
(B) An associate director
(C) A culinary teacher
(D) A restaurant owner

TOEIC Test
New format
