PART 7
Directions: In this part you will read a selection of texts, such as magazine and newspaper articles,
e-mails, and instant messages. Each text or set of texts is followed by several questions. Select the
best answer for each question and mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
Questions 147-148 refer to the following notice.
TASTE! SHARE! WIN! $
Here at Sawadee World Bistro, our talented chefs bring the
world to you by serving flavorful specialties from around the
globe. Now with the click of a button, you can share your
dining experience with the world!
Just take a picture of your meal and post it on our Web site.
You will automatically be entered for a chance to win a
$100 gift card.
What are you waiting for?
www.sawadeeworldbistro.com/tastesharewin
147. Where would the notice most likely be
posted?
(A) On the wall of a restaurant
(B) On the back page of a cookbook
(C) On the cover of a photography
magazine
(D) On the door of a kitchen supply store
148. How can readers enter a contest?
(A) By writing a review
(B) By creating a recipe
(C) By making a donation
(D) By submitting a photograph
Questions 149-150 refer to the following text-message chain.
Susan Rollins (10:12 A.M.)
I just looked through your preliminary design
plans for the Miller house on Greenwood Lane.
Everything looks great, especially the kitchen
and main living area. My only concern is the
practicality of the glass sunroom. Glass rooms
often run over budget.
Myles Hart (10:15 A.М.)
The clients insisted I include the sunroom.
They're going to try to find a way to finance it.
Susan Rollins (10:17 A.M.)
We'll need to make sure that's arranged before
we finalize these plans. In the meantime, can
you come up with a new design that leaves off
this addition?
Myles Hart (10:18 A.M.)
Shouldn't be a problem. I'll work on it now. I'P
planned to talk to the Millers later today, so I can
discuss the budget with them then.
149. Where do the writers most likely work?
(A) At a bank
(B) At a glass factory
(C) At an architectural firm
(D) At a home-furnishings store
150. At 10:18 A.M., what does Mr. Hart mean
when he writes, "Shouldn't be a problem"?
(A) The project is well within the budget.
(B) He is willing to draft an alternate plan.
(C) He can meet with the Millers later
today.
(D) The Millers have agreed with a
suggestion.
Questions 151-152 refer to the following
ここ
 instructions.
Verita Model JX41Ci-Instructions for Use
• Ensure that the electrical cord is untangled and then plug it into a
nearby wall outlet.
Choose the appropriate setting (floor, low carpet, high carpet) by
using the dial on top of the machine.
• Turn the machine on by pushing the power button at the base of the
handle. Run slowly and steadily over an area two or three times to
pick up dirt and debris.
If there is still debris in corners or other hard-to-reach areas, connect
the appropriate attachment and use it on the specified area.
151. What is the purpose of the machine
(A) Preparing food
(B) Heating
(C) Packaging
(D) Cleaning
152. What are users instructed to do each time
before using the machine?
(A) Connect all of the machine's
attachments
(B) Adjust the machine's controls
(C) Clean every part of the machine
(D) Allow the machine to warm up
Questions 153-154 refer to the following text message.
From: Maria Bayardi
To: Steve Takiff
8:45 P.M. 555-0112
Hi, Steve. My flight was canceled, and the new
one is tomorrow morning. Mr. Zhen's tour of our
facility is also tomorrow morning. Can you show
him around? He wants to see our warehousing
procedures. He will arrive at 10:00 A.M., and
then we've planned a lunch for him. The meeting
information and the schedule are in a file folder
on my desk. Call me if you have any questions.
Thanks!
MEMMORF
153. Why did Ms. Bayardi send the text to
Mr. Takiff?
(A) To find out when his flight arrives
(B) To ask for directions to the warehouse
(C) To give him an update
(D) To cancel an appointment
154. What does Ms. Bayardi ask Mr. Takiff
to do?
(A) Plan a lunch
(B) Give a tour
(C) Reschedule an event
(D) Call Mr. Zhen
Questions 155-157 refer to the following e-mail.
To: Bo Xiao
From: David Morisseau
Date: May 16
Re:
*E-mail*
Dear Mr. Xiao,
Order # 3A556
Thank you very much for your recent purchase from Yippee.com! - [1] -. We are
grateful for your business. We are proud to sell only high-quality products that we
believe in and use ourselves. We also take pride in providing you with the best customer
service possible. - [2] -.
To say thank you for your purchase, we would like to offer you 15% off your next order
as well as free shipping. Visit our Web site at www.yippee.com to place your order.
[3] -. This offer expires 60 days from the date of this e-mail.
As part of our ongoing efforts to provide the best service available, Yippee.com
routinely asks our customers for their feedback. Therefore, we invite you to visit
www.yippee.com/survey to complete our customer-satisfaction survey. — [4] -.
Thank you again,
David Morisseau
Vice President of Customer Service
Yippee.com FRSITE
155. What is the main purpose of the e-mail?
(A) To offer a refund
(B) To clarify some information
(C) To express appreciation
(D) To advertise a new product
156. What is Mr. Xiao asked to do?
157. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?
"Please use code XB84RD when
completing your order to receive the
discount."
(A) Attend a celebratory event (A) [1]
(B) Evaluate a company's service (B) [2]
(C) Send an e-mail within 60 days (C) [3]
(D) Visit a new store that is opening soon (D) [4]
Questions 158-160 refer to the following advertisement.
JON CHEUNG'S HOME REPAIR
No job is too small Licensed and insured
Laying and removal of carpet, tile, and wood flooring
Installation of doors and replacement windows
Construction and repair of decks and porches
Installation of kitchen countertops and cabinets
Minor plumbing and electrical work
이 Free estimates
For high-quality work at affordable prices, call 910-555-0148. If there is no answer, please
leave a message, and someone will contact you by the following day. References available
upon request.
158. What is indicated about Mr. Cheung?
(A) He recently started a business.
(B) His company is hiring.
(C) His rates are reasonable.
(D) He works part-time.
159. What is NOT mentioned as a task
Mr. Cheung can do?
(A) Fixing porches
(B) Painting houses
(C) Replacing floor coverings
(D) Putting in new windows
160. According to the advertisement, what may a
customer ask for?
 (A) Tile and carpet samples
(B) Recommendations from other clients
(C) Bigger work crews for rush jobs
(D) Discounts for large-scale work

Questions 161-163 refer to the following article.
Washington State to Introduce Its
Very Own Apple
By Julia Richards for The Agri Monthly
Scientists at Scales University reported last
month that they have completed the
development of the "Shiner Crisp," the first
apple that Washington state farmers will
have trademarked all to themselves.
-[1] -. The first Shiner Crisp is expected
to become available to consumers as early as
next year. - [2] -.
Apple breeders design new apples
especially to better compete with such
traditional apple varieties as Reds and
Juiceys. The development process involves a
161. What is the purpose of the article?
(A) To give an opinion on Shiner Crisp
prices
(B) To recruit students for Scales University
(C) To provide a detailed explanation of
price differences in the apple industry
(D) To announce the design of a new apple
162. According to the article, what is true about
Reds and Juiceys?
(A) They are uniquely trademarked to
Washington state.
(B) They are less expensive than
Honey-Sweets.
(C) They have increased their sales
recently.
considerable investment of time and money
in repeated taste tests for their new fruits.
-[3]- Whereas Reds and Juiceys
average $1.29 per pound, new types of
apples (such as the hugely popular Branburs
and Honey-Sweets) are raking in at least
three times as much.
These additions have major long-term
impacts on the market, too. Two decades
ago, Reds and Juiceys comprised over 50
percent of all apple sales; now their sales are
less than 25 percent of the market. It is no
wonder that apple breeders are racing to
come up with the next popular apple!
-[4]-
163. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?
"In other words, these new types of apples
are designed for big flavor and big profits."
(A) [1]
(B) [2]
(C) [3]
(D) [4]
(D) They were bred by university scientists.
Questions 164-167 refer to the following e-mail.
To: Theresa Pearle <tpearle@praguequarterly.cz>
From: Marek Koubek <mkoubek@bistrokoubek.cz>
Re: Press release
Date: 15 March
Dear Ms. Pearle,
Per our phone call earlier today, please find the press release for my new restaurant,
Bistro Koubek, below. Thank you again for offering to print it in your magazine. It was interesting to hear your views on the growing English-speaking community in Prague that
your publication caters to. We hope the restaurant will appeal to Czech citizens as well as
Americans and other foreigners residing in or visiting Prague.
Best regards,
Marek Koubek
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: CZECH-AMERICAN BISTRO OPENING ITS
DOORS
PRAGUE (15 March)-Bistro Koubek, located at V Celnici 437/4, 110 00 Prague 1, will
celebrate its grand opening with a party on Friday, 21 May, beginning at 6:00 P.M.
According to owner and head chef Marek Koubek, the restaurant will feature Cajun-Czech
fusion cooking, combining popular menu items from New Orleans, Louisiana, such as
gumbo and jambalaya, with traditional Czech cuisine.
Complimentary samples and beverages will be available during the grand opening event,
but full meals will not be served. Normal hours of operation are 5:00 P.M. until midnight,
seven days a week, beginning on 22 May. The menu can be viewed at
www.bistrokoubek.cz.
Chef Koubek lived in Prague until age sixteen, when he moved with his family to New
Orleans, where his father opened a restaurant. There, he worked in the kitchen while
studying at the Louisiana Academy of Culinary Arts. After graduating, he was hired as
head chef at Crescent City Eatery, where he earned four major awards for his unique
menus and flair for meal presentation. He is thrilled to return to his childhood home and
share the culinary heritage of two cultures with the city's diners.
164. Why did Mr. Koubek e-mail Ms. Pearle?
(A) To invite her to a party
(B) To provide content for an article
(C) To announce the launch of a new Web
site
(D) To request her assistance in editing
some text
165. The phrase "appeal to" in paragraph 1,
line 4, is closest in meaning to
(A) attract
(B) join together
(C) benefit
(D) call upon
166. What is indicated about the event on
May 21?
(A) It will begin at 5:00 Р.м.
(B) Only a few people have been invited.
(C) All items will be served free of charge.
(D) Patrons must have a ticket to enter.
167. What is NOT stated about Mr. Koubek?
(A) He grew up in Prague.
(B) He has traveled extensively in Europe.
(C) He worked in his father's restaurant.
(D) He has won several cooking prizes.
Questions 168-171 refer to the following online chat discussion.
Peter Harrer [9:30 A.M.] Hi, everyone. I'll make this brief as I know you're all busy reading the
manuscripts for the editorial meeting on Friday.
Cora Grant [9:31 A.M.] Did we change the time for that?
Peter Harrer [9:32 A.M.] It's still at 2:00, right?
Meili Shu [9:32 A.M.] Yes. At first we talked about having it in the morning, but I have an
appointment at 10:00.
Peter Harrer [9:33 A.M.] OK. I'm glad we got that sorted out. I'd like to share Kwang's idea. Kwang,
do you want to explain it?
Kwang Chun [9:35 A.M.] Sure.What if we encourage our customers to sign up to receive a newsletter
each month by e-mail? We would include information about our special
promotions or book giveaway contests. We could even have some of our
authors write occasional articles.
Cora Grant [9:36 A.M.] Yes, they could give insights into their work or maybe discuss a favorite book.
Meili Shu [9:37 A.M.] It's a great idea! This kind of thing is getting more popular in business these
days. And people always like a chance to win free books.
Peter Harrer [9:38 A.M.] Well, keep in mind we are a small press with a small budget. Would one of
you like to get this idea off the ground?
Kwang Chun [9:39 A.M.] I suppose I should, since I'm proposing it. Maybe Meili would help?
Meili Shu [9:40 A.M.] Of course.
Peter Harrer [9:41 A.M.] OK, thanks everyone. See you all on Friday.
168. Who most likely are the participants in the
online chat discussion?
(A) Staff at a marketing firm
(B) Reporters at a local newspaper
(C) Presenters at a conferencе
(D) Colleagues at a publishing company
169. At 9:33 A.M., what does Mr. Harrer mean
when he writes, "we got that sorted out"?
(A) The manuscripts have all been
assigned.
(B) A meeting time has been agreed upon.
(C) An appointment has been canceled.
(D) New work policies have been followed.
170. What project is Mr. Chun taking on?
(A) Developing a newsletter
(B) Revising a budget
(C) Reviewing a book
(D) Writing an advice column
171. What does Ms. Shu agree to do?
(A) Assist a colleague
(B) Change her schedule
(C) Interview an author
(D) Take a business trip
Questions 172-175 refer to the following document.
Haswell Tire Company Maintenance Warranty
At Haswell Tire Company, we know you depend on your tires to take you
where you want to go. That's why we offer a lifetime warranty on tire
maintenance for every tire you purchase from us. It covers tire inspection,
rotation, and repairs free of charge.
Inspection: Our service crew will check the pressure, inflate the tires if
necessary, and let you know when the tread is getting low.
Rotation: It's important to rotate your vehicle's tires periodically. Our team
can perform this service for you in less than half an hour.
Repair: If you have a flat tire, our team will make every effort to repair the
damage. If the tire can't be repaired, we'll offer you 20 percent off the regular
price when you purchase a nenew tire.
Bring in your vehicle during regular business hours and our friendly service
staff will help you get back on the road quickly. No appointment is necessary.
Just show the receipt from your tire purchase. This warranty covers service
for the life of the tires under the original purchaser and is not transferrable to
other vehicles or owners.
Your satisfaction is our top priority. Unlike our competitors, we do not just
sell tires. During our three decades as a local family-owned business, we have
developed lasting relationships with our customers by providing outstanding
service. Thank you for your business.
172. The word "perform" in paragraph 3, line 2,
is closest in meaning to
(A) entertain
(B) operate
(C) portray
(D) complete
173. According to the document, when will
Haswell Tire Company provide a discount?
(A) When a customer buys a replacement
tire
(B) When service takes longer than half an
hour
(C) When the company holds a special sale
day
(D) When a customer purchases tires for
more than one vehicle
174. What must a customer have in order to
receive a service covered by the warranty?
(A) Proof of tire purchase
(B) Documentation of a previous inspection
(C) A copy of the warranty
(D) A scheduled appointment
175. What is suggested about Haswell Tire
Company?
(A) It offers lower prices than other tire
stores.
(B) It emphasizes good customer relations.
(C) It manufactures the tires that it sells.
(D) It is an international corporation.
Questions 176-180 refer to the following e-mail and article.
To: Michael Kaelo <mkaelo@hawthorneclinic.bw>
From: Sophie Thabado <sthabado@Gaboronestar.bw>
Date: 20 February
Subject: RE: Event
Attachment: Dinner and lunch menu options
Dear Mr. Kaelo,
Thank you for considering the Gaborone Star Hotel for your event. Regarding your
inquiry, we have four ballrooms that accommodate large groups: Jupiter, Saturn, Neptune,
and Venus. They seat 400, 300, 200, and 100 guests respectively.
I've attached some lunch and dinner menu options, but we are happy to work with you
regarding specific requests. We can arrange a sit-down meal or buffet-style service. We
also provide audiovisual equipment for business presentations or celebrations.
Please let me know if you need any additional information.
Sincerely,
Sophie Thabado, Director of Events
Gaborone Times
20 May
Local Happenings
On 15 May, family members, friends, and
colleagues of Dr. Patrick Matambo gathered at
the Gaborone Star Hotel to celebrate his
retirement, which will take effect on 1 June.
For twenty years, Dr. Matambo has been the
director of the Hawthorne Clinic, located near
Hawthorne City University. Among the nearly
180 well-wishers in attendance were also
some former patients who attested to the
honoree's kindness and professionalism.
Dr. Matambo has also been a familiar face at
local charity events, and in particular, he has
helped to raise money for many area schools.
His immediate plans are to take a month-long
vacation on a cruise ship with his wife,
Alicia Matambo.
Although Dr. Matambo is retiring, he will
remain involved with the clinic as a
consultant. A new director has been approved
by the Hawthorne Clinic's board of trustees
and is expected to be announced later this
week.
176. Why did Ms. Thabado send the e-mail?
(A) To promote a new hotel
(B) To offer special hotel discounts
(C) To confirm her attendance at an event
(D) To respond to a request for information
177. What was sent with the e-mail?
(A) Photographs of event ballrooms
(B) Information about meal choices
(C) A list of hotel services
(D) A form for ordering audio equipment
178. In what ballroom was the celebration most
likely held?
(A) Jupiter
(B) Saturn
(C) Neptune
(D) Venus
179. What is NOT mentioned about
Dr. Matambo?
(A) He is planning leisure travel.
(B) He moved to Hawthorne City twenty
years ago.
(C) He was in charge of a medical facility.
(D) He has helped many local schools.
180. According to the article, what does
Dr. Matambo plan to do?
(A) Remain professionally active
(B) Spend more time on hobbies
(C) Teach some classes
(D) Interview his replacement
.
Questions 181-185 refer to the following e-mail and schedule.
To: Vincent Reister <vreister@hexagonmail.com>
From: Florence Zhang <fzhang@zhtours.com.hk>
Re:
Date:
Attachment:
Dear Mr. Reister:
Hong Kong Tour
3 May
Tour Schedule
Thank you for your inquiry about tours with Zhang Hong Kong Tours, Inc. Thank you also
for the compliment-I am very happy to hear that your business partner, Mr. Brown, was
satisfied with our Creative HK tour last month and that he recommended our services to
you.
We have a number of tours scheduled during your short visit to our city during the week
of 24 May. I gather from your e-mail that you are most interested in viewing historical landmarks. We have a couple of options that I believe you would especially enjoy. As you
can see from the attached schedule, one of those tours is already fully booked. I suggest
that you book soon if you would like to secure a place on the other tour. I will be more
than happy to reserve a seat for you as soon as you confirm. I look forward to your reply.
Sincerely,
Florence Zhang, Zhang Hong Kong Tours, Inc.
Zhang Hong Kong Tours, Inc.-May Tour Schedule
*For more information about these and other tours, visit www.zhtours.com.hk*
Date
25 May
Tour
HK for Shoppers
Primary Stops
✓ Mallof Hong Kong
✓ Hong Kong Markets
Hours/Duration
9 A.M.-3 P.М.
(6 hours)
Price (US$)
$45.00
Availability
4 spaces left
26 May Creative НК ✓Film Archive
✓ Gallery of
Modern Art
12 noon-5 P.M.
(5 hours)
$45.00 3 spaces left
27 May HK History
(Central District)
✓Lo Pan Temple
Bishop's House
Queen's Pier
10 A.M.-2 P.M.
(4 hours)
$45.00 Sold out
28 May HK Outdoors ✓ Kowloon Park
✓Cheung Sha
Beach
1 P.M.-6 P.M.
(5 hours)
$35.00 3 spaces left
30 May HK History
(Islands District)
✓Tin Hau Temple
Yeung Hau Temple
Yuk Hui Temple
10 A.M.-2 P.M.
(4 hours)
$50.00 2 spaces left
181. What is the purpose of the e-mail?
(A) To provide a referral
(B) To answer a question about a
company's service
(C) To update an itinerary for a new
customer
(D) To confirm a booking
182. How did Mr. Reister hear about Zhang
Hong Kong Tours?
(A) From a colleague
(B) From a travel agent
(C) From an advertisement
(D) From an Internet search
183. What did Mr. Brown most likely see on his
tour?
(A) Markets
(B) Temples
(C) Paintings
(D) Parks and beaches
184. What is suggested about Mr. Reister?
(A) He is on a limited budget.
(B) He will soon start a business.
(C) He is interested in Chinese cuisine.
(D) He will be in Hong Kong temporarily.
185. According to Ms. Zhang, what tour is most
suitable for Mr. Reister?
(A) HK Outdoors
(B) HK for Shoppers
(C) HK History (Islands District)
(D) HK History (Central District)
Questions 186-190 refer to the following Web page and e-mails.
http://www.aeolusovens.com/commercial
Home Instructions Service Reviews
The Aeolus Jetbake 3 Convection Oven
This high-yield commercial oven uses circulated, heated air to cook food
evenly and efficiently.
Features:
Flexible user-installable options
Spacious interior-104 cm deep
⚫ 5 racks and 11 different positions
Removable wheels
Bright internal LED lighting
Selectable fan modes
From:
To:
Aldo Castro <aldoc@businessdining.com>
<customerservice@aeolusovens.com>
Subject: Temperature question
Date: May 1
To Whom It May Concern,
I'd like to share some feedback about the Aeolus Jetbake 3. Our company runs the dining
service for the businesses located in the Red Umbrella Complex in downtown Austin. We
purchased an Aeolus Jetbake 3 last month. This oven is by far the most efficient oven
we've encountered, with its large capacity and rapid cooking times. This is critical, as my
employees prepare meals for a large number of people each day. The lighting is great, so
we can easily see what we're cooking, even with three or more racks in use at once.
However, our croissants-a favorite, but tricky to make-are not turning out right and our
pastry chef can't seem to find the right temperature settings. Also, why are the units on
wheels? They are heavy, and we don't need to move ours around the kitchen, but the
wheels take up space unnecessarily. I am not exactly sure what, if anything, we are doing
incorrectly. Please let me know at your earliest convenience how we can bake more
effectively.
Thank you for your prompt reply,
Aldo Castro
From: Iris Martz <imartz@aeolusovens.com>
To:
Subject:
Aldo Castro <aldoc@businessdining.com>
Your question
Date: May 5
Dear Mr. Castro,
Thank you for your recent e-mail about the Aeolus Jetbake 3. My guess is that the trouble
you are having is related to the 1.0 control panel that is standard on most of our models.
This is interchangeable with panel 2.0, which allows for finer adjustments and includes a
feature to set the heat-circulating fan to three different modes. I will ship one to you
without charge. Please reply with your shipping address and the serial number of your
oven. It is located on the back, just under the factory inspection certificate.
Thank you for your purchase!
Yours sincerely,
Iris Martz
Customer Care
186. In the first e-mail, the word "critical" in
paragraph 1, line 4, is closest in meaning to
(A) judgmental
(B) important
(C) dangerous
(D) unexpected
187. What feature of the oven listed on the Web
page is NOT referred to in Mr. Castro's
e-mail?
188.
(A) Ability to select fan modes
(B) Spacious interior
(C) Use of multiple racks
(D) Bright internal LED lighting
What does Mr. Castro's company do?
(A) Prepare meals for business employees
(B) Design food service equipment
(C) Supply baked goods to local
restaurants
(D) Publish an online food magazine
189. Why does Ms. Martz write to Mr. Castro?
(A) To provide information on how to
remove the oven's wheels
(B) To give him guidance in addressing an
installation issue
(C) To request his assistance with a
cooking seminar
(D) To offer a solution to a baking problem
190. What does Ms. Martz ask Mr. Castro to do?
(A) Ship a part to her
(B) Send her some product information
(C) Consult an online resource
(D) Write a follow-up review
Questions 191-195 refer to the following e-mails and Web page.
jacknajarian@sellomail.com To:
From: guestservices@pamakanihotel.com
Subject: Surfing lessons
Date: May 10
Dear Mr. Najarian,
Thank you for writing to us at the Pamakani Hotel to ask if we could recommend a
surfing school nearby. You will be happy to know that Lauloa Surf School
(www.lauloasurfschool.com) is located on the beach just a few steps from our hotel. The
prices are fair, and their lessons are quite good. Having taken a 4-hour lesson with the
legendary Alana Kapaku myself, I can personally recommend them.
We look forward to greeting you and your daughter when you arrive on June 4. Please let
us know if you have any further questions or needs before or during your stay. We are at
your service.
Sincerely,
Regina Manibog
Representative, Guest Services, Pamakani Hotel
http://www.lauloasurfschool.com/lessons
Lauloa Surf School• 2495 Kekau Road, Honolulu, HI 96815• 808-555-0142
Group Lesson
For beginning and lower-intermediate
surfers. Group lessons consist of
3 instructors and a maximum of
12 students. We'll form a group for
you if you don't already have one.
2-hour lesson / $75 per person
Must be at least 13 years old.
Family and Friends Lesson
For beginning to upper-intermediate
surfers. No more than 4 people. This
lesson is for those who want one instructor
just for themselves. You will surf more
waves than in our regular Group Lesson.
• 2-hour lesson / $100 per person
Must be at least 13 years old.
Private Lesson
For all levels, beginning through advanced.
You'll have our instructor all to yourself,
and you'll learn whatever you want to
learn about how to surf.
• 2-hour lesson / $125 per person
• For safety reasons, children under
13 years old require a private lesson.
Professional Lesson
For advanced surfers. Learn advanced
techniques from former professional surfer
Alana Kapaku. Alana competed professionally
for over 10 years. Her students have included
famous movie stars!
• One-on-one 4-hour lesson/$200 per person
• Must be at least 13 years old.
All surf lessons include: protective swim shirt, reef shoes, board leash,
and surfboard rental.
To:
*E-mail*
information@lauloasurfschool.com
From: jacknajarian@sellomail.com
Subject: Surfing lessons
Date: June 17
Greetings,
I'm writing to thank you on behalf of my 12-year-old daughter for the wonderful surfing
lesson she had during the week when she and I visited Hawaii. I've already told her that
when we visit again, I'll purchase another lesson and even sign up with her this time, so
we can both learn more about how to surf.
Thank you again. We can't wait to get back and enjoy the beach and waves together at
Lauloa Surf School.
Sincerely,
Jack Najarian
191. Why did Ms. Manibog write the first e-mail?
(A) To confirm a reservation
(B) To reply to an inquiry
(C) To obtain a recommendation
(D) To introduce an instructor
192. In the first e-mail, the word "fair" in ER
paragraph 1, line 4, is closest in meaning to
(A) generous
(B) objective
(C) reasonable
(D) light
193. What is most likely true about
Ms. Manibog?
(A) She is an advanced-level surfer.
(B) She is the manager of Guest Services
at Pamakani Hotel.
(C) She previously worked for Lauloa Surf
School.
(D) She is a close friend of Mr. Najarian's
family.
194. How much did Mr. Najarian pay for his
daughter's lesson?
(A) $75
(B) $100
(C) $125
(D) $200
195. What is indicated about Mr. Najarian and
his daughter?
(A) They met Ms. Kapaku on the beach.
(B) They travel on vacation to Hawaii every
year.
(C) They plan to stay at the Pamakani
Hotel again.
(D) They expect to take a surfing lesson
together.
Questions 196-200 refer to the following articles and program notes.
Pop Superstar Coming Home
LAFONT (May 23)-Sonia Benitez is
coming back to where it all started, and she's
giving back. The international pop superstar
announced that she has added a free concert
in Lafont to her Long Road tour, which
begins on June 2. Benitez will perform in
Lafont on July 17.
Born in nearby Ollender, Benitez moved
to Lafont with her family when she was five
years old. She graduated from Jasper High
School, where she first caught the attention
of peers and teachers by winning the schoolwide talent show at the age of fourteen, the
first time she ever set foot on a stage. Since
then, she has embarked on a professional
career that has taken her to five continents
and has won her millions of fans all over the
world.
Benitez made the decision to add a
concert in Lafont when her manager, Jeremy
Hampton, brought to her attention a threeday break after a show in Chicago. "It was
obvious to both of us," Benitez said in a
phone call from her recording studio in Los
Angeles. "To be so close to Lafont with an
extra three days and not do a show would be
unthinkable. It was a very easy decision to
make."
The only challenge was finding a venue
that would accommodate all of Benitez'
hometown fans. The town's largest theater
seats only 1,200. Lafont Mayor Ellis
Swanson came up with a creative solution.
"He suggested an outdoor concert," said
Benitez. "Not at a stadium, but at a local
farm outside of town. That way there won't
be a limit on how many people can attend.
We'll just set up a stage in the middle of a
huge field."
Local radio DJ Taylor Wendel estimates
that as many as 8,000 fans might turn out for
the concert.
"Considering how popular Sonia is
around here, and considering the concert is
free, I think that's a conservative estimate,"
says Wendel. "It's going to be a memorable
event."
Benitez Plays to Big Crowd
LAFONT (July 18)-Sonia Benitez'
homecoming concert last night in a field at
Gingham Hills Farm was nothing short of
phenomenal. The crowd of 10,000-plus was
delighted to welcome the hometown hero,
who was making her first trip back to Lafont
in more than 12 years. Benitez put on quite a
show, extending her usual two-hour set of
songs by another hour with an additional eight
songs.
The evening's most memorable moment (of
which there were many) came when Benitez
was joined onstage by pianist Genevieve
Parker, another native of Lafont and friend of
Sonia's since the age of six. While perhaps not
as well known as Benitez, Parker is an equally
accomplished musician, having studied
classical piano in Vienna and having toured
internationally with the Vienna Touring
Orchestra.
あ
Sonia Benitez in Lafont
Special Notes
Gingham Hills Farm is proud to host Sonia Benitez' homecoming concert. Among the songs
that Sonia will perform tonight are those listed below, which have special significance for
Sonia and the Lafont community.
"The Butterfly Song"
"Dinner by the Riverbank"
"A Single Morning"
"Everybody Smiles"
Sonia's first composition, cowritten with her sister when she
was eleven years old
A song about the Walton River, which runs through Lafont,
with backing vocals by the Jasper High School Choir
Sung by Sonia at her first-ever performance during high school
Sonia will be accompanied by a childhood friend on the piano
196. What is suggested about Lafont?
(A) It has a new mayor.
(B) It is Ms. Benitez' birthplace.
(C) It is located near Chicago.
(D) It will be the first stop on a concert tour.
197. According to the first article, what problem
with the concert had to be addressed?
(A) Finding extra musicians
(B) Locating a large enough space
(C) Determining a possible date
(D) Setting an affordable ticket price
198. What is indicated about the song "A Single
Morning"?
(A) It is about life in Lafont.
(B) It is usually performed with a choir.
(C) It was Ms. Benitez' first song played on
the radio.
(D) It was sung by Ms. Benitez at a talent
show.
199. How did the concert in Lafont differ from
Ms. Benitez' usual concerts?
(A) It was an hour longer.
(B) It was held in the daytime.
(C) Attendees were seated in a stadium.
(D) The Vienna Touring Orchestra opened
the show.
200. What song did Ms. Parker perform in?
(A) "The Butterfly Song"
(B) "Dinner by the Riverbank"
(C) "A Single Morning"
(D) "Everybody Smiles"
