PART 6
Directions: Read the texts that follow. A word, phrase, or sentence is missing in parts of each text.
Four answer choices for each question are given below the text. Select the best answer to complete
the text. Then mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
Questions 131-134 refer to the following e-mail.
From: Facilities Department
To: All Staff
Subject: AC issues
Date: 4 February
Please be advised that an equipment contractor, Torrono Sheet Metal, is scheduled to start work
on the chiller enclosure at the rear of the building tomorrow morning. The contractor will be
installing a steel cover to-------protect the inner workings of our heating and cooling equipment. 131.
Expect to see technicians entering and leaving the building repeatedly, carting large machine parts
and tools. There will be some noise associated with this project, and we ask for your patience.
132. you should probably look for on-street parking. The contractor's vans much of the 133.
driveway. 134.
Jorge Carreras, Facilities Director
131. (A) better
(B) quicker
(C) sooner
(D) harder
132. (A) As a result
(B) Also
(C) Nevertheless
(D) However
133. (A) are blocking
(B) will block
(C) had blocked
(D) block
134. (A) Send us your suggestions for a new
facility.
(B) I am writing to let you know about a
maintenance issue.
(C) Rather, they were not my first choice for
this contract.
(D) The work is expected to be completed by
2:00 P.M.
Questions 135-138 refer to the following e-mail.
To: Melina Ramos Sandoval
From: welcome@sourcework.ca
Date: 25 October
Subject: Registration complete
Dear Ms. Sandoval,
Welcome to the Source Work jobs network, the leading online career matching service. Your
e-mail address, work experience, and preferences- in our database. This information will be 135.
used to identify employers who are seeking job candidates just like In the future, you will 136.
receive periodic notifications about open positions in your area.
Therefore, we will not share your name or address with anyone. At any point, you can 137.
select the link at the bottom of any e-mail you receive from us to unsubscribe or change your
e-mail preferences.
Thank you for
Sincerely,
138.
EMMOREAD
If you have any questions or comments, feel free to contact us.
The Source Work team
135. (A) they record
(B) are recording
(C) that the record
(D) have been recorded
138. (A) investing
(B) attending
(C) competing
(D) registering
136. (A) us
(B) me
(C) you
(D) ours
137. (A) Privacy is important to us.
(B) Finding the perfect job can be difficult.
(C) Our jobs database is updated weekly.
(D) Your résumé has recently been
reviewed.
Questions 139-142 refer to the following memo.
From: Noora Simola, Vice President of Operations
To: All Employees
Date: February 8
Re: Payroll changes
Beginning on March 15, we will be using a new payroll service that will affect a number of our current
payroll processes. First, weekly payroll checks will be mailed on Thursday instead of Friday.
Direct-deposit payroll payments will also be processed a day- Second, pay stubs for 139.
direct-deposit payments will no longer be e-mailed. Instead, employees will be able to
this information by accessing their payroll accounts online. 140.
Other processes will remain the same. All time cards will continue to be due to the payroll
department by Monday at 6:00 P.м. -- A complete, updated list of instructions for payroll 141.
procedures ------- to all employees on or before March 1. If you have any questions before then, 142.
please contact Leonti Belousov at ext. 5810.
139. (A) twice
(B) following
(C) earlier
(D) previously
140. (A) view
(B) correct
(C) reject
(D) enter
WEE
141. (A) Please note the change of day and
time.
(B) Most employees begin work at
8:00 A.M.
(C) The payroll department is not
operational.
(D) Old time card forms will also still be
valid.
142. (A) will distribute
(B) will be distributed
(C) was distributed
(D) distributing
Questions 143-146 refer to the following article.
Tasty Treat in Kentron
Kentron's own Groovato Gelato was founded in 2010 when Luciano Algieri, an Italian immigrant to
the United States, bought a------ on Coverby Avenue. The building had previously housed the 143.
Hopscotch Ice Cream Company, and Algieri was able to hire many former Hopscotch employees.
Teaching------- ice-cream crafters to make gelato proved to be an easy task. 144
-his product, Algieri started with an old family recipe. He then enhanced the flavor with 145.
secret ingredients plus unusual combinations of fruits and nuts. 146.
There are now three store locations in the Kentron area. Residents are lucky to have this gem!
143. (A) dessert
144.
145.
(B) vehicle
(C) machine
(D) factory
(A) experiences
(B) experience
(C) experiencing
(D) experienced
(A) To create
(B) Creates
(C) Had created
(D) Creation
146. (A) Banana walnut is slightly more expensive.
(B) Some people still prefer Hopscotch ice
cream.
(C) The result is a rich and satisfying mixture
of flavors.
(D) Please try a sample and give us your
feedback.
