PART 7
Directions: In this part you will read a selection of texts, such as magazine and newspaper articles,
e-mails, and instant messages. Each text or set of texts is followed by several questions. Select the
best answer for each question and mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
Questions 147-148 refer to the following advertisement.
Uncle Pete's Marionette Theater Presents
Moose Lake
March 27-May 7
Ever since the founding of Uncle Pete's Marionette Theater, our adaptation of the
well-known ballet Moose Lake has been one of our most beloved shows. Our
100 handcrafted marionettes will take you on a thrilling adventure into the world of
Moose Lake.
As our skilled puppeteers pull the strings and make the puppets move, you will cheer
for Maria and the Moose Prince. You may be unhappy with the Lizard King and his
minions. You will be enthralled by the Drifting Dragonflies!
Uncle Pete's version of Moose Lake has been delighting viewers of all ages for more
than 30 years. Shows sell out every year, so get your tickets today.
Tickets are available at the box office, 521 Perry Avenue, Fenton.
147. What is being advertised?
(A) A lake cruise
(B) A puppet show
(C) A string quartet
(D) An adventure park
WEE148. What is Uncle Pete's version of Moose
Lake based on?
(A) A classic children's book
(B) A popular film
(C) A video game
(D) A dance performance
Questions 149-150 refer to the following coupon.
Clean House Janitorial Services
Copper County's trustworthy and efficient cleaning solution since 1972
NEW CUSTOMER PROMOTION
*Copper County residents ONLY
Save 15%
on your first year of home cleanings!
*Carpet-cleaning service NOT included
Call 916-555-0137 today for details and to schedule your first service.
Offer valid through December 31
149. What is indicated about Clean House
Janitorial Services?
(A) It was founded in 1972.
(B) It specializes in office cleaning.
(C) It offers a discount on carpet cleaning.
(D) It prefers online communication.
150. Who in Copper County may use the
coupon?
(A) Any large retail store
(B) New customers
(C) Returning customers
(D) Any resident
Questions 151-152 refer to the following letter.
Pierre Gitane
26 Bent Tree Lane
Charlotte, NC 28804
April 15
Dear Mr. Gitane,
This letter is to inform you that you are due for your semiannual dental care visit. Go
to our Web site and fill out a form to request an appointment. Or if you prefer, call us
at (704) 555-0138 to reach one of our receptionists.
We are happy to announce that we now offer teeth whitening and invisible braces to
improve your smile. Please let us know if you are interested in one or both of these
services.
We look forward to hearing from you soon.
All best,
Sarah Hamadi
Sarah Hamadi
Office manager, Red Street Dental Care
151. Why did Mr. Gitane receive the letter?
(A) He just got a new dentist.
(B)
(C)

It
Red
 is

time
Street
 for
 Dental
 a routine
 Care
 checkup.
 is requesting
his feedback.
(D) He was dissatisfied with his last visit.
152. What does the letter state about the teethwhitening service?
(A) It costs about the same as invisible
braces
(B) It was not available at Red Street
Dental Care until recently.
(C) It takes up to six months to obtain the
desired results.
(D) It is not covered by dental insurance
plans.
Questions 153-154 refer to the following text-message chain.
Teleshia Thomas (8:12 А.M.)
Laura, are you in the office already or still on your
way in? I have a favor to ask.
Laura Penn (8:14 A.М.)
I'm here.
Teleshia Thomas (8:16 A.M.)
It's Jack's farewell breakfast this morning. I have
juice, coffee, fruit, and pastries with me, but I
haven't passed around cards for colleagues to
sign to wish him well. Do you think you could do
that? There are some cards on my desk.
Laura Penn (8:18 A.М.)
Actually, I can send out an e-mail and ask staff to
go into your office to sign the cards. I'llarrange
them on the round table in the corner. I'll do that
straightaway.
153. At 8:14 A.M., what does Ms. Penn most
likely mean when she writes, "I'm here"?
(A) She is paying attention.
(B) She is in the same room as
Ms. Thomas.
(C) She is waiting for Ms. Thomas to arrive.
(D) She is already at the office.
154. What will Ms. Penn most likely do next?
(A) Give a presentation
(B) Postpone a meeting
(C) Put cards on a table
(D) Arrange seats in a staff room
Questions 155-157 refer to the following menu.
History
Welcome to the historic H. G. Walsh Building and North Riverview Restaurant!
Constructed by H. G. Walsh in 1897, the building served as Astoria's post office until
1942. It has subsequently been a general store, a boutique, and a family-run restaurant
serving up fresh seafood. Over the past century, the building's second floor has been
used for private parties, such as birthdays and weddings.
Facing a potential demolition in the late 1970s, the building was purchased by
its current owners, Henry and Juana Thomason, in 1981. Subsequent investment and
extensive renovation helped save the H. G. Walsh Building, and in 1996 it gained status
on the National Register of Historic Places.With its stunning views of the Columbia
River and an extensive seasonal menu, the H. G.Walsh Building has become a prime
destination for visitors to Oregon's Pacific coast.
Fall Menu
Seafood chowder | Cup: $5, Bowl: $8
Cream-based with clams, shrimp, and
mussels
Fish and chips | Cod: $12, Halibut: $15
Three pieces breaded in a buttermilk
batter
Grilled salmon | $20
Served with lemon-garlic sauce and a
side salad
Bok choy | $12
Pan-seared in a garlic-ginger oyster sauce
and served over rice noodles
Chef's salad | $11
Mixed greens tossed with toasted
almonds, blue cheese dressing, and
avocado
155. The word "served" in paragraph 1, line 2, is
closest in meaning to
(A) supplied
(B) delivered
(C) presented
(D) functioned
156. What is suggested about the H. G. Walsh
Building?
(A) It is a one-floor building.
(B) It is located on the waterfront.
(C) It is located next to a post office.
(D) It has remained largely unchanged.
157. What can be purchased for less than $10?
(A) Seafood chowder
(B) Fish and chips
(C) Bok choy
(D) Chefs salad
Questions 158-160 refer to the following company newsletter article.
Headquarters Teams Help Out in Stores
Hannen has operated one of the largest chains of
department stores in the Southwest since 1962. The
In-Store Project, launched on February 7, is a new
initiative from the Hannen Department Store corporate
operations team. Following recommendations from
employees at various levels, the initiative was developed
to allow company headquarters to better understand the
day-to-day operations at the individual store level.
The In-Store Project places employees from the corporate
headquarters in stores, where they are paired with store
employees to work typical shifts. This allows both types of
Hannen employees to ask questions and learn about one
another's work. So far, the initiative has led to a greater
understanding among store employees of the decisions
made at the corporate level and a greater understanding
among headquarters employees on how corporate plans
are implemented.
Hannen plans to complete store visits within the next two
months and conduct repeat visits annually.
158. Why did the company start the project? 160. What does the article indicate about the
future of the project? (A) It is a current trend among large
companies.
(B) The parent company required it.
(C) It was suggested by some employees.
(D) Some customers requested it.
159. What does the project involve?
(A) Store employees visiting other
department store chains
(B) Interns being hired to receive on-thejob training
(C) Corporate employees temporarily
working in stores
(D) Teams of employees working to
redesign stores
(A) The company plans to do it again each
year.
(B) The company plans to expand it to
other stores it owns.
(C) It is being discontinued because it has
been unsuccessful.
(D) It will not be completed because it is
too expensive.
Questions 161-164 refer to the following online article.
KARLINGA BEACH
(December 4)-More resources need to be
allocated to promote cultural tourism to
the region, officials from the Karlinga
Beach Tourism Department (KBTD)
concluded at a planning meeting held
yesterday. The department also drafted a
new marketing campaign, titled "Connect
with Karlinga Beach," that will highlight
the region's rich history and culture.
"Everyone agreed that, moving forward,
we should focus less on advertising
traditional beach activities and more on
new eco-friendly tourist activities," said
Tourism Director Arnold Bhatt.
During the meeting, Mr. Bhatt gave a
presentation in which he analyzed the
results from an online questionnaire
designed by students from the region's
university. Respondents included both
local residents and tourists. In one key
result, more than 80 percent of all
respondents agreed that there should be
more emphasis on promoting eco-friendly
tourism. In another finding, more than 75
percent of surveyed tourists indicated they
would like to see a wider selection of
locally sourced, organic food options.
"For me, the tourists' response was
unexpected," said Mr. Bhatt. "But,
looking at the full picture, it makes sense,
as there are many family farms on the
land near the beach.
The insights from the survey are welcome
news for Kathy Li, who operates the KLP
Organic Farm. Its grocery store, located
on the farm property, is stocked yearround with fresh, seasonal, organically
grown produce. In the future, if tourist
visits increase, Ms. Li plans to offer
prepared foods and beverages.
161. What is the main purpose of the article?
(A) To announce recent personnel changes
(B) To outline proposed marketing plans
(C) To explain a decrease in local tourism
(D) To encourage participation in a survey
162. What is indicated about Karlinga Beach?
(A) It has a short tourism season.
(B) It offers inexpensive accommodations.
(C) It is accessed mostly by ferry.
(D) It is close to a university.
163. According to the article, what is true about
Mr. Bhatt?
(A) He was surprised by a survey result.
(B) He changed the design of a
questionnaire.
(C) He is concerned about a region losing
farmland.
(D) He wants to increase attendance at
public meetings.
164. What is mentioned about KLP Organic
Farm?
(A) It offers free tours to hotel guests.
(B) It publishes its own newsletter.
(C) It recently opened a restaurant.
(D) It sells fruits and vegetables on-site.
Questions 165-167 refer to the following advertisement.
Treks Auto
Keeping your vehicle running smoothly demands getting the job done right. Leave
yours in the hands of the professionals at Treks Auto, and always be sure you're getting
exactly what you need and nothing that you don't. -[1]-. Our repair shop has been
based in Leeds ever since Tony Reker opened his first garage in 1963. — [2] -. For three
generations, our family-run business has been proud to serve the West Yorkshire
community with fair pricing and a commitment to honest service.
[3]-. Treks Auto offers a variety of oil-change packages. Each package includes a
complimentary tyre-pressure check, tyre rotation, fluid fill-up, standard oil filter, five-litre
oil change, and brake inspection. Choose from the oil options listed below. - [4] —
Synthetic Blend High Mileage Full Synthetic
£25
Recommended for
vehicles with fewer than
125,000 miles or under ten
years old.
£40
Best for vehicles with more
than 125,000 miles or over
ten years old.
£50
Ideal for vehicles with more
than 125,000 miles and
with special manufacturerrecommended
maintenance needs.
165. What is indicated about Treks Auto?
(A) It is based in London.
(B) It was started in 1983.
(C) It is focused on great customer service.
(D) It has been a family-run business for
five generations.
166. What is indicated about the oil-change
packages?
(A) They all cost the same.
(B) They each include free brake-pad
replacement.
(C) Only one of the packages offers a fluid
fill-up.
(D) They are based on the number of miles
a vehicle has been driven.
167. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3]
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?
"Ask any of our service technicians if you
are unsure of the best one for your car."
(A) [1]
(B) [2]
(C) [3]
(D) [4]
Questions 168-171 refer to the following article.
New Addition to Shadeside Plaza
BIRCH CITY (November 12)-Design
Glory, a jewelry business operated by
lifelong Birch City resident
Tamara Banda, has set up a brick-andmortar store in the city's Shadeside Plaza
shopping area. - [1] -. Ms. Banda said
the shop, which opened on November 9,
features her entire line of handmade
jewelry along with a selection of beautiful
natural crystals that can become the
centerpiece of any room.
Ms. Banda emphasizes that she sets her
jewelry brand apart from others by
offering handmade designs at price points
that won't break a budget. To keep her
overhead costs in check, she says she
sources materials creatively from a
variety of local metal suppliers. -[2]-
Although managing the store, which is
168. What is indicated about Design Glory?
(A) It had a delayed opening date.
(B) It sells decorative stones.
(C) It has weekly craft demonstrations.
(D) It is closed on Saturdays.
169. What does Ms. Banda say is special about
her jewelry?
(A) It is designed by local students.
(B) It looks old-fashioned.
(C) It is affordable.
(D) It is lightweight.
170. Who is Mr. Machado?
(A) A property developer
(B) A metal supplier
(C) A photographer
(D) A bookseller
open Tuesday through Saturday from
11:00 A.M. to 5:00 P.M., will occupy much
of her time, Ms. Banda said she still
intends to operate booths at regional arts
festivals.— [3] —. She will also
continue to serve on the planning
committee for the annual art show at
Central Arts University, where she learned
her jewelry-making techniques.
The idea of opening a physical store
came to Ms. Banda when a friend, Brad
Machado, told her of his positive
experience in operating his retail
bookshop on the opposite side of
Shadeside Plaza from where Design
Glory is now. — [4] -. The shopping
area, he said, benefits from the heavy foot
traffic nearby.
171. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3]
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?
"She noted as well that she will be
participating in the City Art Museum's craft
fair next month."
(A) [1]
(B) [2]
(C) [3]
(D) [4]
Questions 172-175 refer to the following text-message chain.
Sandra Kyle (8:19 A.M.)
Good morning. I'm on my way but running late because of a lane closure on
Roseway Boulevard. It's all backed up, and the bus is barely moving.
Lucas Bodin (8:20 A.М.) Sounds terrible!
Sandra Kyle (8:21 А.М.)
I'm supposed to take notes at our 8:30 A.M. meeting. Could one of you please fill
in for me until I arrive?
Carolina Mata (8:23 A.M.)
Wait, haven't you heard? The meeting was moved to Thursday.
Sandra Kyle (8:24 A.М.)
Really? What a relief.
Carolina Mata (8:26 A.М.)
Mr. Chang is in Portsville meeting with the client about the final design for the new
warehouse building. He won't be back until tomorrow.
Sandra Kyle (8:27 A.М.)
Yes, I heard he was going to Portsville.
Lucas Bodin (8:30 A.M.)
The client requested some last-minute changes, so Mr. Chang is away longer than
expected. Hopefully the changes are minor, because we're already over the allocated budget.
Carolina Mata (8:33 A.M.)
We will get an update at the Thursday meeting. Hopefully it's good news.
172. Why does Ms. Kyle expect to be late for
work?
(A) The bus is slow because of poor
weather.
(B) The bus is stuck in traffic.
(C) She missed the bus.
(D) The bus arrived late at her stop.
173. Why was the meeting postponed?
(A) A colleague is out of the office.
(B) The client needs more time to prepare.
(C) Mr. Bodin has a scheduling conflict. (D) Ms. Mata needs to prepare an update.
174. At 8:24 A.M., what does Ms. Kyle most likely
mean when she writes, "Really"?
(A) She is disappointed by certain designs.
(B) She disagrees with the decision.
(C) She is surprised by Ms. Mata's
comment.
(D) She already heard the news.
175. What is indicated about the project?
(A) It is more expensive than planned.
(B) It has some technical difficulties.
(C) It has been poorly managed.
(D) It cannot be completed on time.
Questions 176-180 refer to the following job advertisement and e-mail.
Thompson and Groves
The law firm of Thompson and Groves is seeking a dedicated assistant to join our
established environmental litigation team.
This assistant will work on a wide range of legal services, such as
investigating evidence related to cases being prepared for court;
preparing exhibits, charts, and diagrams to display information; and
communicating with clients and keeping files updated.
The best candidate for this position
is self-directed, responsible, and capable of juggling many projects at
once; and
has strong communication, organization, and computer skills.
To apply, e-mail your résumé to Julia Powell (in human resources),
julia.powell@thompsonandgroves.com, by May 25. Interviews will be
conducted at the beginning of June, and our selection will be made in early July.
To:
From:
Date:
julia.powell@thompsonandgroves.com
jonas_ivanov@sidmail.com
July 12
Subject: Re: Legal assistant position
Dear Ms. Powell,
I was pleased to read your letter offering me the position of legal assistant. However, after
much consideration, I have decided that now is not the best time to leave Wilson Law. I
did not realize how deeply I am invested in working on my projects here until I was faced
with the possibility of leaving the company. While I was thrilled by the idea of working
for an illustrious law firm that has won so many high-profile environmental cases, now is
not the time for me to make a change.
It was a pleasure meeting you and your colleagues, and I hope we cross paths in the future.
Kind regards,
Jonas Ivanov
176. What is included in the job advertisement?
(A) A brief history of the Thompson and
Groves law firm
(B) Directions to a company's office
(C) A description of the job's pay and
benefits
(D) A description of the ideal applicant
177. What most likely is one of Ms. Powell's job
responsibilities?
(A) Preparing exhibits and charts
(B) Updating computer files
(C) Hiring new employees
(D) Writing about environmental issues
178. What does Mr. Ivanov indicate in his
e-mail?
(A) He has changed his career goals.
(B) He has decided to stay at his present
job.
(C) He has decided to retire.
(D) He will apply for a different job.
179. What does the e-mail mention about the
Thompson and Groves law firm?
(A) It is well-known for its successes.
(B) It will be moving to a larger space.
(C) It no longer specializes in
environmental issues.
(D) It will be hosting an international
conference.
180. What is suggested about Mr. Ivanov?
(A) He received a promotion in May.
(B) He met with Ms. Powell in June.
(C) He and Ms. Powell have a mutual
friend.
(D) He has just completed a certification
program.
Questions 181-185 refer to the following memo and notice.
MEMO
To: Kildare Recreation Centre Staff
From: Madeline Byrne
Date: 11 April
Subject: Daily Passes
As discussed in April's staff meeting, we are considering raising the cost of
daily passes from €5 to €9. The exact increase will be decided in our May
meeting. This change is expected to bring in an extra €5,000 over the next
year, which we will use toward the cost of replacing our outdoor running
track. With the increased revenue from the fee change, we will be close to
the €7,000 needed for the improvement.
I realize that the outdoor running season is short, and I know that in our
meeting, some staff members wanted to consider other uses for the money.
The possibilities of using the funds for a remodeled reception area, a new
floor for the dance studio, or more flat-screen televisions throughout the
centre were raised. However, the board of directors thought it would be
wiser to focus on the improvement most frequently requested by our
members. The upgrades suggested by the staff fall into the €1,000–€2,000
range, and we hope to be able to consider them in the coming years.
NOTICE
Kildare Recreation Centre Visitors
Effective 1 June, the cost of a daily pass for nonmembers will be €8. This
modest increase will allow us to provide visitors with a much better outdoor
running track. The cost of monthly and annual memberships has not changed.
Please visit the registration office during regular business hours to discuss
membership-related issues.
181. What is the purpose of the memo?
(A) To announce an increase in
membership numbers
(B) To explain how certain funds will be
used
(C) To describe tasks to be done for an
event
(D) To solicit donations for a project
182. What did the staff do at the April meeting?
(A) They designed a survey for recreation
center members.
(B) They objected to a price increase.
(C) They proposed upgrades to a recreation
center.
(D) They considered moving a reception
area.
183. According to the memo, what do the
recreation center members most frequently
ask for?
(A) A remodeled reception area
(B) A new dance studio floor
(C) Additional flat-screen televisions
(D) An improved outdoor running track
184. In the notice, the word "modest" in
paragraph 1, line 2, is closest in meaning to
(A) shy
(B) modern
(C) creative
(D) small
185. What is true about the new fee for daily
passes for nonmembers?
(A) It is less than what was originally
considered.
(B) It will be effective starting May 1.
(C) It can be paid online.
(D) It was approved at a June meeting.
MOREAD
Questions 186-190 refer to the following e-mails and job posting.
H *E-mail*
To: jsantos@coloniamenor.com
From: markash@amtrcorp.com
September 4
Job tip
Date:
Subject:
Hello, Juan,
It was nice to see you again at the Tech Writers' Conference in Mexico City. You
mentioned that your cousin Carlos Cruz wants to find a product design job here in
Dallas. Well, the company I work for, AMTR Corporation, is about to post a job for a
junior industrial designer, which might interest him. So far, the company has announced
the opening only to current employees, but next week it will appear on the company
Web site. The salary is good, and there may not be any qualified candidates in-house.
Please let him know about this opportunity.
Heide Markas
https://www.amtrcorp.com
AMTR
Corporation HOME ABOUT CAREERS CONTAСТ BLOG
Current Opportunities
Junior Industrial Designer: This is a full-time position developing and improving
the full range of products manufactured by AMTR Corporation in Dallas, Texas.
Sample Job Duties:
Design consumer and office supply products, including personal computers,
tablets, copiers, and printers
Collaborate with design team and colleagues from engineering, marketing, and
manufacturing departments to develop new products
Improve sustainability efforts by promoting the use of recycled, recyclable, and
reusable materials
Qualifications:
Understanding of design principles, theories, and concepts
Ability to analyze and apply customer feedback
Proven analytical and problem-solving skills
Experience in creating sketches, storyboards, models, and prototypes
Bachelor's or master's degree in industrial design
To:
*E-mail*
Carlos Cruz <ccruz@bmail.com>
From: Pamela Wang <wangp@amtrcorp.com>
Date:
Subject:
Dear Mr. Cruz,
November 11
Job Application
Thank you for submitting your application for junior industrial designer to AMTR
Corporation. Our hiring committee has reviewed your application and determined that
you meet the qualifications for the position. We will contact you shortly to schedule an
initial interview. Interviews will be held on-site at our Dallas headquarters during the
first two weeks of December. In the meantime, you will receive a request for
professional references via e-mail. Please respond to the request as soon as you receive
it.
Cordially,
Pamela Wang
Human Resources Specialist
AMTR Corporation
186. What is the purpose of the first e-mail?
(A) To share information about a new job
opening
(B) To ask whether a company is hiring
new staff
(C) To learn whether a colleague will attend
an upcoming conference
(D) To congratulate someone for getting a
new job
187. What does the company that Ms. Markas
works for produce?
(A) Guides for creating Web sites
(B) Operating manuals for passenger
airplanes
(C) Transportation system maps
(D) Office equipment
188. What is explained in the second e-mail?
(A) The procedure for submitting an
application
(B) What applicants can expect during an
interview
(C) The next steps of the hiring process
(D) AMTR Corporation's expectations for
designers
189. What will AMTR Corporation do during the
first two weeks of December?
(A) Move its headquarters to Dallas
(B) Begin reviewing applications
(C) Send out professional references
(D) Perform the first round of interviews
190. What is most likely true about Mr. Cruz?
(A) He will begin the job in November.
(B) He has a degree in industrial design.
(C) He has relocated to Dallas.
(D) He recently interviewed for a new job.
Questions 191-195 refer to the following list, letter, and schedule.
Shingle Town Roofing
Color Options
Choose from our many colors of high-quality, affordable shingles
for a long-lasting, beautiful roof.
Color Product Number
Lawnwood Blue (#302)
Charcoal Bliss (#702)
Foxwood Gray (#704)
Mission Gray (#707)
Cedarwood (#203)
Hickory Nut (#209)
Brick Red (#505)
Joanne Westley
8021 Daffodil Lane
Herndon, Virginia 22090
Dear Ms. Westley,
This is to confirm our agreement to replace your roof in Herndon, Virginia, on
August 4. As discussed, we will be using our exclusive Prime Technology System with
Hickory Nut color shingles. The Prime Technology System is guaranteed to keep
your house dry and has a ten-year warranty for labor and materials.
Our crew will arrive at 8:30 A.M. We have received your deposit and signed contract.
The remainder of the charge is due upon completion of the job. Please contact us if
you have any questions.
Martin Sage
Martin Sage, customer service representative
Shingle Town Roofing
Shingle Town Roofing: Installation Schedule for August 1-7
Note to installation crew: Be sure to confirm the job location and the required materials.
Sunday Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Friday Saturday
Harris
residence
(#702)
3 4 5 6 7
Landsford
Apartments
E-3 (#505)
Westley
residence
(#209)
Kendelwood
Motel
(#302)
Hopewell
Gardens
(#704)
Hopewell
Gardens
(#704)
191. What is the purpose of the letter?
(A) To get a cost estimate for a new roof
(B) To request a deposit for a job
(C) To ask a contractor to do a project
(D) To finalize a business arrangement
192. What does Mr. Sage indicate about the
Prime Technology System?
(A) It requires a separate fee for the tenyear warranty.
(B) It prevents water from leaking into a
house.
(C) It is available for only certain types of
shingles.
194. What color shingles will the crew be
installing at Kendelwood Motel?
(A) Lawnwood Blue
(B) Charcoal Bliss
(C) Mission Gray
(D) Brick Red
195. When will Shingle Town Roofing do work at
8021 Daffodil Lane?
(A) On Monday
(B) On Tuesday
(C) On Wednesday
(D) On Thursday
(D) It requires a large crew to install.
193. Where is a shingles installation scheduled
to take place on August 3?
(A) At the Harris residence
(B) At Landsford Apartments
(C) At Kendelwood Motel
(D) At Hopewell Gardens
Questions 196-200 refer to the following Web page, customer review, and company response.
https://carinasolutions.com/home
Home Services Contact Us Reviews
Carina Solutions
The Best Software Option for Hotel Management
We will help you manage all aspects of your hotel. Whether you need help
with your reservation system, managing staff, or improving your advertising
and online presence, our software will work for you!
Here are just a few of the tasks our software can do.
Manage online bookings and payments
Track staff hours and vacation time
Promote your hotel on top booking Web sites
Manage property maintenance
Contact us today to begin using the trial version of our software completely
free for three months. More information about the pricing and features of
the Premier software version can be found on the Services page of our
Web site.
https://carinasolutions.com/reviews
Home Services Contact Us Reviews
My trial version of the Carina Solutions hotel management software expires tomorrow, and
I have to decide whether to purchase the Premier version or search for something better.
I have two main concerns.
1. The reservations module does not allow you to keep information about repeat guests
on file. This forces staff to reenter repeat customers' information manually, which
wastes time.
2. The software offers full functionality only when accessed on a desktop computer,
which is unfortunate because I do almost everything on my mobile phone. The interface
should be the same no matter what device you use.
-Submitted by Susan Yan
https://carinasolutions.com/reviews_response
Home Services Contact Us Reviews
Dear Ms. Yan,
Good news! We have updated some features of Carina Solutions since you began your trial
subscription. There is now an automatic rebooking feature that you can use to register
repeat guests, cutting down on manual data entry.
Additionally, you should know that one of the differences between the trial version and
the Premier version is that the interfaces are the same across all devices.
Remember, Carina Solutions hotel management software is more than just a booking tool.
Learning about all the features in the Premier version can help you fill your hotel with
happy customers. Make sure to visit carinasolutions.com to see our instructional videos.
Marcus Feldman
Carina Solutions representative
196. According to the Web page, what is true
about the maker of Carina Solutions
software?
(A) It makes products for the transportation
industry.
(B) It makes two versions of its software.
(C) Travelers use its products to find
discounted hotel prices.
(D) Its products are not yet available for
sale.
197. What is implied about Ms. Yan?VEB
(A) She has been using Carina Solutions
for nearly three months.
(B) She was referred to Carina Solutions
by another client.
(C) She plans to stay at a hotel during her
next trip.
199. What does Mr. Feldman indicate about the
company's videos?
200.
(A) They contain information about
interesting places to visit.
(B) They are available for guests to view in
their hotel rooms.
(C) They describe many ways that the
company's software can be used.
(D) They were created by the company
very recently.
What is suggested about the Premier
version of Carina Solutions software?
(A) It must be updated every three months.
(B) It addresses Ms. Yan's second concern.
(C) Optional features can be added for a
fee.
(D) Ms. Yan may contact Mr. Feldman to
(D) She works for a software company. receive a discount coupon.
198. What is Ms. Yan's concern about hotel
guest information?
(A) It cannot be downloaded easily.
(B) The system does not protect it with а
secure password.
(C) She cannot enter corrections to
misspelled names or addresses.
(D) It must be entered every time a guest
makes a reservation.
