PART 6
Directions: Read the texts that follow. A word, phrase, or sentence is missing in parts of each text.
Four answer choices for each question are given below the text. Select the best answer to complete
the text. Then mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
Questions 131-134 refer to the following product description.
Sanberg Industries: Big Angle Television Wall Mount
The Big Angle Television Wall Mount is perfect for mounting televisions from 40 inches to 75
inches in size as measured diagonally across the screen. The mount connects easily to your wall,
freeing your tabletops and saving space. The mount comes with a 25-inch arm that 131. 132.
bends in multiple directions so you can enjoy watching television from anywhere in the room. Plus,
it has vertical and horizontal tilt capabilities, so your television can be placed --in the position 133.
you like. -134.
131. (A) due to
(B) so that
(C) although
(D) thereby
132. (A) mysterious
(B) flexible
(C) skillful
(D) limited
133. (A) exact
(B) exacting
(C) exactly
(D) exacted
134. (A) Like all products by Sanberg Industries, it
also comes with a five-year guarantee. (B) Your inquiry about your Sanberg product
will be addressed within two business
days.
(C) We are grateful that you have worked for
Sanberg Industries for so many years.
(D) High-definition televisions offer an
improved viewing experience.
Questions 135-138 refer to the following e-mail.
To: minjunlee@alto.com
From: contest@asianaturemag.org
Date: 7 September
Subject: Tenth annual contest
Asia Nature magazine wants to thank you for yourE. Your participation in our tenth annual 135.
amateur photography contest is appreciated. Each photograph we receive is judged by our panel
of experts. Their works have been displayed in galleries around the world. 136.
Asia Nature magazine depends on people like you who care about the environment and
-nature's beauty. We ask that you visit our Web site and make a contribution today. 137.
Without--- readers like you, we would not be able to continue our work. 138.
135. (A) subscription
(B) letter
(C) submission
(D) article
136. (A) Photographing nature is a difficult
skill to learn.
(B) Every reader of our magazine
knows that wildlife is precious.
(C) Asia Nature magazine has been
published for fourteen years.
(D) These professionals are among
the best in their field.
137. (A) value
(B) values
(C) valuable
(D) valued
138. (A) crowded
(B) accidental
(C) generous
(D) light
Questions 139-142 refer to the following article.
New Italian Food Shop Opening Soon
CALGARY (28 March)-This Saturday marks the grand opening of Calgary's latest Italian specialty
food shop. Salerno's Italian Food will sell its own brand of fresh pastas and sauces
-- imported goods. The shop is located on the corner of Macall Avenue and Arnhem Street. 139.
---. This small part of Calgary is becoming a very popular place to go for gourmet food. Leo 140.
Sarri, the store's owner, was------ the chef at Milano's. He is looking forward to Saturday and 141.
says he is thrilled to be entering the ------ world for the first time. 142.
139. (A) even though
(B) in order to
(C) in spite of
(D) as well as
140. (A) The weather on Saturday is expected to be
beautiful.
(B) This area is already home to several
bakeries, bistros, and coffee shops.
(C) Fresh pastas and sauces are superior to
mass-produced ones.
(D) We will soon learn what consumers think of
the products that Salerno's offers.
141. (A) efficiently
(B) later
(C) previously
(D) especially
(B) education
142. (A) retail
(C) shipping
(D) travel
Questions 143-146 refer to the following advertisement.
Experienced Machinist Wanted
Caliphar Tech Industries is seeking experienced machinists -- problems, set up and operate 143.
machinery, and troubleshoot machines in our main production plant. --- Examples of the 144.
equipment we make include pumps and fans for various industries.
Caliphar Tech Industries features a fast-paced work environment with tight deadlines. We need
team players who can work together pressure. Weoffer-salaries and excellent 145. 146.
benefits. Contact humanresources@caliphartechindustries.com.
143. (A) analyze
(B) analyzer
(C) analyzing
(D) to analyze
144. (A) Send specifications for your project to our
production director.
(B) Our factory manufactures components used
in industrial equipment.
(C) We hope you enjoy the tour of our innovative
manufacturing plant.
(D) Congratulations on being hired by Caliphar
Tech Industries.
145. (A) along
(B) under
(C) beyond
(D) for
146. (A) compete
(B) competition
(C) competitive
(D) competed
