PART 6
Directions: Read the texts that follow. A word, phrase, or sentence is missing in parts of each text.
Four answer choices for each question are given below the text. Select the best answer to complete
the text. Then mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
Questions 131-134 refer to the following announcement.
We are pleased to announce that the installation of the new manufacturing equipment in our main
plant has been completed. The new machines ---- work flow by allowing for flexibility in 131.
production. With six mixing tanks of---- sizes, we expect to be able to fill a wider range of 132.
orders, from small to very large. This is an important way to ensure that Balm 133.
Manufacturing continues to be a leader in the fragrance industry.
Jim Martel, who is organizing this effort, will contact each of you soon with details. 134.
131. (A) have been improved
(B) were improving
(C) will improve
(D) improved
132. (A) varying
(B) varies
(C) vary
(D) variation
133. (A) proposal
(B) contract
(C) impression
(D) upgrade
134. (A) Supervisors completed a tour of the
plant yesterday.
(B) Unfortunately, the installation cost
more than we had anticipated.
(C) As you are aware, our industry is
increasingly competitive.
(D) All personnel must be trained on the
new equipment by the end of the
month.
Questions 135-138 refer to the following Web page.
www.kateweicommunications.com
Marketing your business can be confusing. Newspapers and magazines are ------- useful venues 135.
for advertising.-, social media platforms have become even more critical marketing outlets. 136.
Kate Wei Communications utilizes both traditional outlets and the latest communication
platforms. . In addition to exceptional print services, Kate Wei Communications has the 137.
expertise to help you 13R your online presence. Why wait? Choose our award-winning firm to 138.
strengthen your company's image today!
135. (A) still
(B) nowhere
(C) soon
(D) evenly
136. (A) As a result
(B) To demonstrate
(C) Otherwise
(D) However
138. (A) optimal
(B) optimize
(C) optimization
(D) optimum EMMOREAD
137. (A) Marketing professionals give conflicting
advice.
(B) Traditional methods have the best
impact.
(C) We will develop a diverse plan for your
business.
(D) We have recently changed our terms of
service.
Questions 139-142 refer to the following e-mail.
To: Emily Swanton <eswanton@swantonfarmfeed.com>
From: Arnold Hansen <AHansen@poltonfairgrounds.org>
Subject: Polton Farm Fair
Date: June 2
This e-mail serves as a receipt for your registration ------ confirms your participation in the 139.
Seventeenth Annual Polton County Farm Fair from July 14 to July 16. As a returning exhibitor,
Swanton Farm Feed will be offered 140. space at a discounted rate.
Please be aware of a new requirement when preparing your space. This year, all booths must be
completely ready by 8 P.M. on July 13. -------. Tables will be provided by the organizer, as in past 141.
years.
Thank you once again for your participation in our ---- 142.
AntlsHren Polton County Farm Aeastor
 Fair OoestratrMOREAD
139. (A) whereas
(B) rather than
(C) in case
(D) and also
WEE142. (A) discovery
(B) survey
(C) event
(D) vote
140. (A) rent
(B) rental
(C) rents
(D) renting
141. (A) This includes the removal of trash and
packing materials.
(B) The number of food vendors has
increased in recent years.
(C) The exact schedule will be announced
later.
(D) The Livestock Pavilion will be located
next to the south exit.
Questions 143-146 refer to the following article.
Sparkle Pro Enterprises Opens American Factory
Worldwide News
MANCHESTER (10 April)—Sparkle Pro Enterprises, a leading Belgium-based -----of cleaning 143.
products, is expanding its territory. The company has just opened its first plant in the United
States, in Indianapolis. For more than forty years, Sparkle Pro has been making and distributing
household and industrial cleaners to a wide range of vendors, including retail outlets and hotel
chains, throughout Europe. 144.
The Indianapolis facility will require the company to hire 300 additional employees ------- the end 145.
of this year in order for it to achieve full capacity. According to Egon Bretz, the new director of
North American operations, Sparkle Pro is confident that it will be able to train a large number of
personnel quickly. Mr. Bretz expects no significant ------- in meeting these needs. 146.
143. (A) produced
(B) producing
(C) producer
(D) produce WER
144. (A) Water-based cleaners have become
more expensive.
(B) The company's Web site lists all of its
major vendors.
(C) The hotels are conveniently located in
most cities.
(D) Other factory facilities were gradually
sold.
145. (A) by
(B) despite
(C) as
(D) except
146. (A) decrease
(B) challenges
(C) project
(D) candidates
