PART 7
Directions: In this part you will read a selection of texts, such as magazine and newspaper articles,
e-mails, and instant messages. Each text or set of texts is followed by several questions. Select the
best answer for each question and mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
Questions 147-148 refer to the following notice.
Notice
The sidewalk along Crestview Boulevard is scheduled to be repaired next
week. Due to safety concerns, the front door of the Queenstown Financial
Services (QFS) building will be inaccessible from Monday, 15 January, to
Wednesday, 17 January. QFS employees and customers are advised to use
the north entrance on Sycamore Avenue. To get to the receptionist on the
second floor, take either the staircase or the elevator, both of which can be
found near the north entrance.
WERSITE
147. What is the purpose of the notice?
(A) To introduce changes to certain safety
regulations
(B) To announce the temporary closure of
an entryway
(C) To report the installation of a new
elevator
(D) To disclose the new location of a
company
148. What is suggested about the QFS building?
(A) Many employees work there.
(B) It will reopen on Thursday.
(C) The main entrance is on Crestview
Boulevard.
(D) The renovation project will take more
than a week.
Questions 149-150 refer to the following e-mail.
To: Corporate Resource Team
From:
*E-mail*
Junko Shigeno, Team Lead
Date: January 27
Subject:
Hi, Team,
Support issues
At next week's strategy session, we will address the specific needs of our company
representatives working at our new overseas retail locations. Our goal is to have each
employee fully trained in marketing our products and in client retention. I'm requesting
that each of you be ready to present two ideas on the best way to provide them with
training and logistical support at levels comparable to their domestic counterparts.
Thanks,
Junko Shigeno
Team Lead, Integra Optics
149. According to the e-mail, what is true about
Integra Optics?
(A) It markets corrective eyewear.
(B) It has an international presence.
(C) It plans to open several more stores.
(D) It just produced a new line of products.
150. What does Ms. Shigeno ask employees to
do?
(A) Evaluate a proposal
(B) Contact clients
(C) Attend training sessions
(D) Prepare for a meeting
Questions 151-152 refer to the following information.
Important Information
At the Froehling Company, we take great pride in our high-quality, easy-to-assemble
furniture, and we want you to be completely satisfied with your purchase.
Before beginning to assemble the product, check the parts list to make sure that all parts
have been included in the box.
If your item is missing parts or assembly hardware, or if it has been damaged during
shipping, do not return the product to the store from which you purchased it; stores do
not stock replacement parts. Rather, contact us directly and we will send you the item(s)
required free of charge. You can reach us by
• visiting us at www.froehlingco.com to order replacement parts online;
• sending us an e-mail at parts @froehlingco.com; or
• calling us anytime at 555-0128.
151. What is the purpose of the information?
(A) To inform customers where to obtain
product assembly instructions
(B) To notify customers how to resolve a
problem involving their purchase
(C) To offer a gift to loyal customers of a
company
(D) To help customers find nearby retail
stores
152. What is suggested about the Froehling
Company?
(A) It has customer service representatives
available at all times.
(B) It recommends returning damaged
goods to the retailer.
(C) It has a new system for keeping track of
inventory.
(D) It supplies a product catalog with each
Questions 153-154 refer to the following text-message chain.
Marina Tincheva 9:01 A.М.
Hi Luis. I'm at the restaurant. I need to start
setting up the dessert tables for the wedding
banquet this afternoon, but the door's locked
and I left my key at home.
Luis Machado 9:03 A.M.
Ms. Howell isn't there? She usually shows up
hours ahead of an event to get things ready.
Marina Tincheva 9:04 A.М.
I know. It doesn't make sense. You'll be in
late today, right?
Luis Machado 9:06 A.M.
Yes. Actually, I'm on my way to a conference
for managers, but I can be there in 10 minutes
to let you in.
Marina Tincheva 9:07 A.M.
Thank you so much! I'll wait at the café
next door.
153. Who most likely is Mr. Machado?
(A) A café waiter
(B) A dessert chef
(C) A wedding florist
(D) A restaurant manager
154. At 9:04 A.M., what does Ms. Tincheva most
likely mean when she writes, "It doesn't
make sense"?
(A) The bride should be there already.
(B) Her coworker usually arrives early.
(C) She received the wrong paperwork.
(D) She does not know where her key is.
Questions 155-157 refer to the following information from a brochure.
Visiting Carlin County? Don't miss these points of interest!
Avevo Botanical Garden
Open daily, 9 A.M.-6 P.M.; $8 admission
With stunning views of Gull Bay, the Avevo Botanical Garden is a beautiful place
to examine and learn about the region's abundant and diverse plant life.
Rever Concert Hall
Open to the public Monday to Friday, 10 A.M.-4 Р.М.
Designed by renowned architect Ang Zhao, the Rever Concert Hall has striking
architecture and is well worth a visit. Guided tours are available for $2 per person.
Carlin County Museum of Art
Open daily, 10 A.M.-7 P.M.; $5 admission
This lovely art museum focuses on works by local artists. Special exhibits rotate
monthly.
The Maritime Museum
Open Wednesday to Sunday, 9 A.M.-4 P.M.; no fee, but donations are welcome
An impressive collection of historical artifacts makes the Maritime Museum a
wonderful place to learn about the region's seafaring history. This museum is
located on a retired ship on East Beach.
155. What is the purpose of the information?
(A) To provide a schedule of events
(B) To give directions to notable landmarks
(C) To highlight the accomplishments of
local artists
(D) To describe tourist destinations
156. What is indicated about Carlin County
Museum of Art?
(A) It is closed on Mondays.
(B) It was designed by a famous architect.
(C) It features collections from around the
world.
(D) It changes some exhibits periodically.
157. Acсording to the information, what do the
Avevo Botanical Garden and the Maritime
Museum have in common?
(A) Both charge a small admission fee.
(B) Both are located near water.
(C) Both display historical artifacts.
(D) Both offer guided tours.
Questions 158-160 refer to the following article.
Bingham Man Receives Award
by Timur Kardos
9 October-A Bingham native received
this year's Contributors Award from the
Association for the Construction of Steel
Bridges (ACSB), a trade organisation.
Scott Moore, 66, was presented the award
during yesterday's annual ACSB meeting
in Norwalk.
According to an ACSB press release, the
award is given every year to "an
individual who has contributed
significantly to the betterment of the steel
industry." ACSB spokesperson Cora
Schroeder said, "Mr. Moore devotes his
spare time to ensuring quality in our
industry. For the past decade, he has
dedicated himself to helping the ACSB
monitor and refine steel-production
standards and practices. This year, he
chaired a committee that created an
improved set of standards for structural
steel used in the construction of bridges."
Mr. Moore was born and raised in
Bingham and received his engineering
degree from Bingham University. After
graduating, he worked as a construction
manager during the building of
Bingham's new city hall. He joined
Marshall Steel 39 years ago as a building
supervisor, ultimately rising to his current
position of senior project engineer.
158. What is suggested about Mr. Moore?
(A) He led efforts to raise standards for
steel use.
(B) He designed a new type of bridge.
(C) He serves on a committee with
Ms. Schroeder.
(D) He has received several awards from
the ACSB.
160. What was Mr. Moore's first job at Marshall
Steel?
(A) Senior project engineer
(B) Company spokesperson
(C) Construction manager
(D) Building supervisor
159. According to the article, what happened ten
years ago?
(A) Mr. Moore moved to Norwalk.
(B) Mr. Moore began to help the ACSB.
(C) The ACSB revised its membership
requirements.
(D) The ACSB first presented its award.
Questions 161-164 refer to the following Web page.
http://www.goldendayimages.com
GDSP
Golden Day Stock Photographs
Using stock images in your materials can significantly improve your company's ability
to communicate-not only with external clients but with employees as well. A well-chosen
image can serve many functions, from increasing employee engagement with internal
communications, to catching the attention of potential clients, to helping readers of
documents better understand complex ideas.
Golden Day's images come from a unique international network of contributors, so our
selection is not only large but also truly diverse. No matter the size of your organization,
and no matter where you are located and with whom you do business, you will find the
perfect photo to enhance your message.
Our monthly subscription plans range from $49 to $495 based on the quantity and resolution
of the images you download. Once you download an image, there are no limits on its usage.
Don't miss our special introductory offer: first-time subscribers qualify for consultations
with our branding experts for six months at no extra cost! Our experts will help you ensure
that all your client-facing materials are cohesive and make your company stand out.
161. What reason to use stock images is NOT
mentioned in the advertisement?
(A) To encourage employees to read
company newsletters
(B) To keep current customers interested in
a company's brand
(C) To attract new customers
(D) To help clarify written information
162. According to the advertisement, why are
Golden Day's images special?
163. The word "resolution" in paragraph 3, line 1,
is closest in meaning to
164.
(A) level of detail
(B) statement of agreement
(C) subject matter
(D) firmness of purpose
What is Golden Day offering to new
customers?
(A) Free marketing advice
(B) Discounts on subscription plans
(A) They are a larger size than is typically
offered.
(C) Limited-time access to additional photo
collections
(B) They are created by famous (D) Introductions to potential new clients
photographers.
(C) They are used by multinational
companies.
(D) They are sourced from all over the
world.
Questions 165-167 refer to the following article.
We’re Doing Something Right
by Ariel Garman
SUSTERN (November 8)-According to
a recent study conducted by the MidAtlantic Hotel Association, tourism at our
beaches improved significantly this past
summer, and the hotel industry showed
greater profits this year than last. Hotel
occupancy averaged 94 percent during the
peak summer months. -[1]-
Sustern saw the opening of the area's
largest hotel, The Glaston, last spring.
The new hotel was at full capacity nearly
every weekend during the summer.
Weekday occupancy also exceeded
expectations.
The hotel's manager, Anika Bastien, said,
"Tourists were thrilled with the array of
amenities offered, including 24-hour
dining options, a free shuttle to nearby
beaches, and free Wi-Fi. In fact, many
have already reserved rooms for next
summer. — [2] —."
Sustern has become the most popular
tourist destination in the region, with
about 20 percent more beachgoers than
the Delmire shore, its biggest
competitor. — [3] -. Experts attribute
this to the growing number of outlet
stores in Sustern, overall lower prices,
and an abundance of new restaurants,
hotels, and community events. Tourists
continue to visit the area after the prime
beach months, keeping hotel rooms
occupied longer. - [4] -.
t neied n e oOREAD
.
165. What is the purpose of the article?
(A) To announce the opening of a new
hotel
(B) To provide information about the local
tourism industry
(C) To discuss job opportunities in the hotel
industry
(D) To compare the quality of beaches in
two locations
166. What is NOT indicated about Sustern?
(A) Its beach is more popular than
Delmire's.
(B) Its new hotel employs Ms. Bastien.
(C) It hosts a wide variety of events.
(D) It recently held a beach cleanup
weekend.
167. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?
"This was a big increase from last
summer's average of just 77 percent."
(A) [1]
(B) [2]
(C) [3]
(D) [4]
Questions 168-171 refer to the following e-mail.
To: All staff
From: Jessica Perry
Subject: Conference
Date: 19 July
Attachment: Workshop application
Hello everyone,
*E-mail*
The fourth annual Australian National Sales and Marketing Conference (ANSMC) will
take place from 18 to 22 November here in Perth. Conference organizers have asked
local marketing specialists to help out by giving a keynote speech, leading a workshop,
or working in the exhibition hall. - [1] -.
Our chief executive officer, Martin Hughes, wants us to take advantage of this excellent
opportunity for Hughes Australia Marketing to achieve visibility on a national stage. It
is sure to help us to expand our client base. Mr. Hughes has already agreed to give a
keynote speech about using survey results to create successful marketing campaigns.
[2] -. I am designing our company's booth for the exhibition hall. If you would like
to help, please come to Room C556 at 2:00 P.M. next Tuesday, 23 July, for a planning
meeting. - [3] -.
If you would like to lead a workshop, please complete the attached proposal form and
return it to me by 26 July. - [4] -. You may present alone or with a partner.
Workshop ideas will be discussed and approved at a managers' meeting on 29 July.
Thanks,
Jessica WEBSITЕ
168. What is the purpose of the e-mail?
(A) To remind staff to register for a
conference
171. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?
(B) To apologize for missing a deadline
(C) To invite staff to submit an application
(D) To request responses to a marketing
survey
"This will help me ensure that none of our
workshop topics overlap."
(A) [1]
(B) [2]
169. What is suggested about Hughes Australia
Marketing?
(C) [3]
(D) [4]
(A) It is hosting the ANSMC.
(B) It is located in Perth.
(C) It has been in business for four years.
(D) It serves clients throughout Australia.
170. According to the e-mail, why does
Mr. Hughes want employees to participate
in the ANSMC?
(A) So they can learn new marketing
strategies
(B) So they can share the results of a
survey
(C) So they can attract new clients
(D) So they can listen to his keynote
speech MOREAD
Questions 172-175 refer to the following online chat discussion.
Alberto Ovando [11:15 A.M.]
When we met last week, production was nearly finished on the boxes and other packaging
for Redmond's. Rani, where are we now?
Rani Verma [11:16 А.M.]
The refrigerator and dishwasher boxes were supposed to arrive at Redmond's warehouse
on Wednesday, but the snowstorm really backed up our delivery schedule.
Alberto Ovando [11:17 A.M.]
Have you told them this?
Stacy Pfeiffer [11:18 A.M.]
I will, but I was waiting to hear from the drivers. George, can you help?
George Kellerman [11:19 A.M.]
I spoke with them ten minutes ago. They're back on the road now, so they only lost a day.
They should have everything before the end of the week.
Stacy Pfeiffer [11:21 A.M.]
OK. I'll tell them to expect delivery by Friday at the very latest.
Rani Verma [11:22 A.M.]
At least the packaging materials for the smaller appliances shipped before the storm; only
the larger boxes are affected.
Alberto Ovando [11:23 A.M.]
The contract is for us to provide packaging materials for all of Redmond's products, not
just the smaller ones. Let's make sure we stay on the revised schedule.
172. For what type of business do the people
most likely work?
(A) A restaurant supply company
(B) An appliance repair shop
(C) A packaging manufacturer
(D) A furniture delivery service
173. What problem are the people discussing?
(A) A shipment was delayed.
(B) A warehouse was closed.
(C) An order was incorrect.
(D) A driver did not report for work.
174. What will Ms. Pfeiffer most likely do next?
(A) Cancel a shipment
(B) Sign the contract
(C) Call a driver
(D) Contact the client
175. At 11:18 A.м., what does Ms. Pfeiffer
most likely mean when she writes,
"can you help"?
(A) She thinks Mr. Kellerman should load
some boxes.
(B) She needs Mr. Kellerman to drive to the
warehouse.
(C) She wants Mr. Kellerman to provide
delivery information.
(D) She expects Mr. Kellerman to pay the
drivers.
Questions 176-180 refer to the following flyer and e-mail.
PAGA's Seventeenth Annual Botanical and Horticultural Expo, July 10–13
Starkey Convention Center, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
The Pittsburgh Area Garden Association (PAGA) invites companies to support its garden
exhibition, which last year was attended by nearly 40,000 visitors. This is a cost-effective
means of reaching home gardeners and outdoor enthusiasts and enhances your firm's
commercial performance.
PAGA is pleased to offer the following levels of corporate sponsorship with corresponding
benefits. (For inquiries, contact Ms. Carita Aragon, PAGA's Event Coordinator, at
925-555-0142. To register, e-mail sponsors@paga.org.)
Workshop Patron—$1,250
A representative of your company will have
the honor of introducing the presenter(s) of
a workshop, to be conducted on the second
day of the event.
Charging Station Patron-$2,000
There will be eight mobile-device charging
stations in the exhibition hall, each with a
sponsor sign next to it.
Bag Patron-$3,500
Your company's emblem will be on all
fabric tote bags, to be distributed to every
visitor.
General Program Patron-$5,000
Two executives of your company will attend
the PAGA Gala Banquet on the opening
night of the expo.
From: caragon@paga.org
To: mkee@wimosol.com
Date: May 15
Subject: Thank you
Dear Mr. Kee:
Thank you for registering Wireless Monitoring Solutions as a sponsor of the Pittsburgh
Area Garden Association (PAGA) Expo. Your sponsorship not only helps to make this
year's event possible, but also to generate interest in gardening.
Your contribution of $2,000 has been processed. Additionally, we are offering you
sponsorship of our expo bags at no additional cost. This offer is a token of our
appreciation for the long-standing support of PAGA and its programs. To finalize the
promotional materials, please send us the artwork of your company's logo.
Carita Aragon, PAGA Event Coordinator
176. What is the purpose of the flyer?
(A) To promote the benefits of participating
in an event
179. What is suggested about PAGA's event?
(A) It is partially funded by the Pittsburgh
city government.
(B) To present a breakdown of the costs of
hosting an activity
(B) It is held at a different venue every
year.
(C) To report on the financial success of a
fund-raising campaign
(C) It is intended to promote enthusiasm for
gardening. (D) It attracts more than 40,000 visitors
annually.
(D) To encourage community members to
join a nature preservation project
177. According to the flyer, when should a call
be placed to PAGA's office?
178.
(A) When a contribution cannot be
processed
(B) When a payment has not been
received
(C) When additional information is required
(D) When a change in sponsorship level
must be made
What will happen on July 10?
(A) Attendance figures from last year's
expo will be released.
(B) Mobile-device charging stations will be
installed.
(C) A workshop will be presented.
(D) A formal dinner will be held.
180. What is NOT indicated about Wireless
Monitoring Solutions?
(A) Its name will be featured in various
locations at the convention center.
(B) It will install wireless monitoring devices
in the exhibition hall.
(C) It has sponsored PAGA's exhibition on
various occasions.
(D) Its logo will be displayed on souvenir
bags.
Questions 181-185 refer to the following product reviews.
‣ https://www.buyforbusiness.com/projectors0102
Buy for Business Reviews Miniprojectors
HJ6 Miniprojector by Collierpro
The HJ6 is a top-of-the-line miniprojector, which is no surprise to those familiar with
Collierpro. As usual, the company spared no expense in making sure this projector is
easy to take almost anywhere: it is lightweight and comes with its own carrying case,
which includes a remote control and a tripod. Its internal lamp is much brighter than
that of other projectors its size. Due to its brightness, the HJ6 was able to project the
sharpest picture of all the miniprojectors that we tested.
The major weakness of the HJ6 is its speakers. They are not nearly as loud as one
would expect, given the superiority of all the other features. You can easily plug in
different speakers. It is a miniprojector, however, and its small size means it is not
the best choice for giving presentations in lecture halls or large conference rooms.
Overall, this is a fantastic projector for travelers, and we recommend it. This is a new
model, though, and the sticker price is quite high. It may be best to hold off making a
purchase right away. Projectopro will introduce the Pico P17 projector next month, so
the HJ6's price may drop in order to remain competitive.
https://www.buyforbusiness.com/projectors0103
Buy for Business Reviews Miniprojectors
The Pocket Mini C by Excellentronics
The Pocket Mini C is a reliable projector and a good buy for those who aren't interested
in spending a lot of money. Like its competitors, it is lightweight and compact. The
feature we were most impressed with is its battery: it can run for up to six hours, which
is much longer than the other battery-powered projectors that we tested.
There are a few downsides, as could be expected from a budget projector. The ports are
in awkward locations and the menu organization is confusing, so setting up the projector
is not straightforward. The audio capabilities are also limited; when the volume is turned
up, the audio can sound muffled. But overall, it's a decent miniprojector for a reasonable
price.
181. What is suggested about Collierpro?
(A) It is owned by Buy for Business.
(B) It makes high-quality electronics.
(C) It is a new company.
(D) It offers discounts for business
travelers.
182. What is mentioned as a feature of the HJ6
Miniprojector?
(A) It is less expensive than the Pico P17.
(B) It is sold with a spare power cord.
(C) It has a rechargeable battery.
(D) It produces a very clear image.
183. Why should customers wait before
purchasing the HJ6 Miniprojector?
(A) The model's features will be updated
soon.
(B) The projector might become less
expensive soon.
(C) Minor problems with the machine will
be fixed soon.
(D) Another company will buy the
projector's manufacturer soon.
184. What criticism do both of the reviewed
projectors receive?
(A) They are too heavy.
(B) They are not easy to set up.
(C) Their sound systems do not work well.
(D) Their projections are not large enough.
185. According to the second review, what is the
best feature of the Pocket Mini C?
(A) Its design is attractive.
(B) It is easier to carry than other
projectors.
(C) It has more ports than other projectors.
(D) Its battery lasts for a long time.
MOREAD
Questions 186-190 refer to the following e-mails and form.
From: Alan Grady <agrady@st.pro.com>
To: Jaco Neves <owner@neveslocal.com>
Date: Monday, August 7, 9:31 A.M.
Subject: Contract addendum
Mr. Neves,
Thanks for calling to discuss your progress on the house construction. To summarize our
conversation, even with the delay until September 22, the house should be ready for me to
move into before my apartment lease expires on October 10. I've thought more about the
status reports we discussed, and twice a week would be best. My understanding is that you
will now document these changes to the contract so that I can sign off on them this week.
Thanks, as always, for your careful attention to this project.
Alan Grady
From:
To:
Date:
Subject:
Attachment:
Mr. Grady,
*E-mail*
Jaco Neves <owner@neveslocal.com>
Alan Grady <agrady@st.pro.com>
Monday, August 7, 4:16 P.M.
RE: Contract addendum
Addendum
I have drawn up the revisions we discussed to the June 5 contract and attached it to this
message. The recent bad weather set us back, but not by much. As we near the end of
the project, many pieces will need to come together at once. I will keep you informed to
the best of my ability, but as always, my first priority will be to make sure the work
itself is done.
If the document looks acceptable to you, sign and return a copy to me. Please don't
hesitate to contact me or Evan Baurkot with any questions or concerns about how our
business can serve you.
Regards,
Jaco Neves
CONTRACT ADDENDUм
1. Because of work that could not be performed due to unavoidable
circumstances from July 24 to July 28, the completion date for all
construction will be moved from September 17 to September 22. The Client
will not be charged any additional labor costs as a result of this change. Any
charges resulting from an extension of building permits will be paid by the
Contractor.
2. Effective immediately, the Contractor will submit a report of all work
completed (including any delays incurred or anticipated) once every week,
beginning on Monday, August 12.
186. Who is Mr. Grady?
(A) A business partner of Mr. Neves'
(B) A client of Mr. Neves'
(C) An assistant to Mr. Baurkot
(D) A legal advisor of Mr. Baurkot's
187. What is planned for October?
(A) Alease will be extended.
(B) A contract will be changed.
(C) A project schedule will be revised.
(D) A house will be occupied.
189. When was the work most likely affected by
bad weather?
188. In the second e-mail, the phrase "drawn up"
in paragraph 1, line 1, is closest in meaning
to
(A) raised
(B) sketched
(C) prepared
(D) straightened
(A) On June 5
(B) On July 24
(C) On August 12
(D) On September 22
190. What information in the contract is different
from what Mr. Grady requested?
(A) The frequency of the reports
(B) The charge for additional labor
(C) The date of completion
(D) The number of permits required
Questions 191-195 refer to the following article and e-mails.
More Improvements Ahead
At its meeting on Tuesday, the Eldonbury
Town Council voted to explore options for
additional work to be done on town facilities.
According to Charles Gruber, town clerk, the
renovation of the Eldonbury Community
Centre came in well under budget. The
council, therefore, decided to compile a list of
smaller improvement projects that could be
done with the leftover funds.
Some suggested projects include adding a
covered entryway to the Eldonbury Public
Library, improving lighting in Westfall Park,
and replacing floors in the Town Hall.
According to Mr. Gruber, the council will
solicit ideas from members of the public.
Interested parties may voice their opinions at
the council's meeting on Tuesday, 20 March,
at 4:00 P.M. or send an e-mail to the council
office before 31 March. After the period of
public comment, the planning committee will
put forth a final list for the council to discuss,
with a decision expected by 15 April.
From:
*E-mail*
mccaffrey32@citymail.co.uk
To: towncouncil@eldonbury.org.uk
Date:
Subject:
25 March
Additional Project
Dear Town Council Members,
I read that you are accepting suggestions for the use of the leftover money from the
Community Centre renovation. Because of a previously scheduled appointment, I was
not able to attend the council meeting, but I would like to express my support for the
idea of expanding the lighting in the park. While the cost of that project is likely to be
reasonable compared to that of the other possibilities, the improved lighting would
increase the usability of Westfall Park and would benefit many people, especially in the
dark winter months. A well-lit, nicely maintained park is an obvious source of civic
pride, and something we could all appreciate. I hope the council will seriously consider
this project.
Sincerely,
Heather McCaffrey
From: |
To:
sunil.pai@hgnetworks.co.uk
towncouncil@eldonbury.org.uk
Date: 27 March
Subject: Town projects
Dear Mr. Gruber,
I was glad to hear that the latest renovation project was completed with money to spare.
Althqugh the Community Centre does sponsor activities for citizens of all ages, it is, for
the most part, visited by adolescents and parents with children. Therefore, I would like to
suggest that the next project focus on a place more often used by Eldonbury's older
people.
The public library is a natural gathering place for older adults, and a new entryway would
provide a dry, protected place for people to chat or wait for transportation. It would be a
noticeable improvement, likely to be applauded by citizens who did not feel that they
gained much from the improvements to the Community Centre. In April, when the votes
are cast, please consider this suggestion to balance the interests of all members of the
Eldonbury public.
Thank you,
Sunil Pai
191. Why does the town of Eldonbury have
funds available?
(A) The town council has canceled a
project.
(B) The town has raised the tax rate.
(D) An earlier project cost less than
expected.
192. In the article, the phrase "put forth" in
paragraph 2, line 12, is closest in meaning to
(A) grow
(B) exert
(C) propose
(D) request
193. When did Ms. McCaffrey have an
appointment?
(A) On March 20
(B) On March 25
(C) On March 31
(D) On April 15
194. What does Mr. Pai mention in his e-mail
about the Eldonbury Community Centre?
(A) It is located near public transportation.
(B) It is used mainly by younger residents.
(C) Its building previously served another
purpose.
(D) Its programs will run year-round.
195. On what point would Ms. McCaffrey and
Mr. Pai most likely agree?
(A) The chosen project should be beneficial
to the entire community.
(B) The town should spend as little money
as possible on its next project.
(C) The town council should extend the
deadline for public comment.
(D) The patrons of the library and the park
should work together to raise money.
Questions 196-200 refer to the following form, e-mail, and Web page.
Dear Tahara Air Customer,
TAHARA AIR
Delayed Luggage Form
We regret that the arrival of your luggage has been delayed. Please provide
the following details to help us track down and return your luggage more
quickly. A Tahara Air representative will contact you by phone as soon as
your luggage is located. Should your luggage remain missing for more than
three days, please visit www.tahara-air.com/baggage for further instructions.
Date: 12 October
Name: Marzena Majewska
Local Address: Hotel Dantes, Rua Jau, 1300 Lisbon, Portugal
Telephone: +44 1632812110
Flight Number: J77FG2
Delayed Luggage Information
Quantity Description
☑Suitcase 1 small black suitcase with wheels; "Marzena Majewska"
on the name tag
Backpack
Purse
Box 1 small cardboard box with "Marzena Majewska,
Saltoni Foods" written on it
Other
From:
To:
Subject: Re: Sauce samples
Date:
hgilbert@saltonifoods.co.uk
mmajewska@saltonifoods.co.uk
12 October, 2:03 P.М.
Dear Marzena,
I'm sorry to hear about your luggage. At least the airline has located your suitcase.
Since it's impossible to determine when the rest of your luggage will be found and
returned, I've sent you more samples by overnight shipping. That way, you will not have
to go empty-handed to tomorrow's meeting with the clients. There are five packets of each
flavour as well as two small sauce jars with labels. I sent the items by BDW Shipping to
your hotel. The package will be delivered by 8:30 a.m. so that you are sure to have the
sauce samples and packaging to show when you speak at the meeting at 11.
Take care,
Harry Gilbert
https://www.bdwshipping.co.uk/overnight
BDW SHIPPING
The Fast and Reliable Delivery Corporation
Submit an Overnight Shipment
Your shipment information:
Ship from: Saltoni Foods, 27 Aston Street, Oxford OX1 1HD, UK
Ship to: Hotel Dantes, Rua Jau, 1300 Lisbon, Portugal
Weight: 0.75 kg
Envelope ☑ Box ☐ Custom packaging
Your overnight shipment options:
BDW Early Morning Delivery by 8:30 A.M. tomorrow £52 Ship Now
BDW Morning Delivery by 11:00 A.M. tomorrow £45 Ship Now
BDW Afternoon Delivery by 2:00 P.M. tomorrow £39 Ship Now
BDW Evening Delivery by 8:00 P.M. tomorrow £31 Ship Now
Ms. Majewska do tomorrow at 11 А.м.?
(A) Accept a delivery
(B) Make a presentation
196. What is indicated about Tahara Air? 199. Ассording to the e-mail, what will
(A) It requires customers to include name
tags on all pieces of luggage.
(B) It guarantees that missing luggage will
be returned in three days.
(C) It will notify Ms. Majewska when her
luggage is found. R
(D) It will reimburse Ms. Majewska for her
lost luggage.
197. Where did Ms. Majewska most likely pack
her samples?
(A) In a box
(C) Check out of the hotel
(D) Confirm her return flight
200. How much was Mr. Gilbert charged for
shipping?
(A) £31.00
(B) £39.00
(C) £45.00
(D) £52.00
(B) In a purse
(C) In a suitcase
(D) In a backpack
198. What is implied about Mr. Gilbert?
(A) He is meeting with clients in Portugal.
(B) He travels frequently for Saltoni Foods.
(C) He is a Tahara Air customer service
agent.
(D) He wants the clients to review some
products.
