PART 7
Directions: In this part you will read a selection of texts, such as magazine and newspaper articles,
e-mails, and instant messages. Each text or set of texts is followed by several questions. Select the
best answer for each question and mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
Questions 147-148 refer to the following memo.
MEMO
To: All Staff
From: Amaya Sodhi
Subject: Online Portal
Date: 22 August
The online portal is now up and running. To use it, patients must first
obtain an activation number from a staff member here. Patients will then
be able to register to access their records, get lab results, and book
appointments.
We had also planned to launch a payment option within the portal.
However, the Web developers are still dealing with issues with the billing
system. As a result, that part of the system will be implemented at a later
time.
It will take some time for all of us to learn how to work with the portal. If
you have any questions, please contact Marie at extension 244.
147. Where most likely does Ms. Sodhi work?
(A) At a hotel
(B) At a medical office
(C) At a credit card company
(D) At an employment agency
148. What has been delayed?
(A) A software update
(B) The hiring of new employees
(C) The delivery of information to Marie
(D) An online payment system
Questions 149-150 refer to the following form.
Welcome to the
Mirjana Springs Hotel
in Dubrovnik.
The network password for complimentary Web access is
"Mirjanawifi." It is offered throughout the hotel.
For hotel-related requests, please contact the front desk. For
information on local attractions and tourist excursions, please
see Ms. Novak in our recreation office.
We hope you enjoy your stay!
Room #: 1296 Check-in: May 23
Guest: Devon Tolga Checkout: May 25
Clerk: Malina Babic Arrival time: 8:23 P.M.
149. What is indicated about Internet access at
the Mirjana Springs Hotel?
(A) It does not require a password.
(B) It is not very reliable in the evening.
(C) It is not available in room 1296.
(D) Guests do not have to pay for it.
150. What is indicated about Ms. Novak?
(A) She works at the front desk.
(B) She will check out on May 25.
(C) She helps set up sightseeing trips.
(D) She is Ms. Babic's supervisor.
Questions 151-152 refer to the following advertisement.
Mini-pure: Portable Air Purifier
Mountain Clear Air, a leader in air purifying devices, introduces
Mini-pure, the first portable air purifier of its kind. Developed by
leading environmentalists and engineers, Mini-pure cleans air by
using negative ions! Plus, it's small and convenient, so you can take
it with you wherever you go.
Environmentally friendly and effective
Fits easily into a purse or briefcase
Reduces pollutants and allergens
Charges quickly with any standard phone charger
For use at home, in the office, or anywhere
Find out more at Minipureairclean.com.
151. For whom is the advertisement most likely
intended?
(A) Medical engineers
(B) Hotel operators
(C) Environmental specialists
(D) Everyday consumers
152. What is NOT indicated about the air
purifier?
(A) Its size
(B) Its purpose
(C) Its cost
(D) Its power source
Questions 153-154 refer to the following text-message chain.
Jim Szymanski (9:42 А.M.)
Bev, I want to give you a heads-up. There's a broken water valve at the Eastbury
Student Apartments. The water there will be shut off for 2 hours.
Bev Munoz (9:43 A.M.)
No problem. We can wash our hands at the Carlton Apartments after we finish
this job.
Jim Szymanski (9:44 A.M.)
Right. We'll be doing the same thing this morning as we did last time. We'll
enter each apartment unit and vacuum out the filter in the wall air conditioner.
Any filter that looks too dusty should be replaced. Also, we should clear out
debris from the vents.
Bev Munoz (9:46 A.M.)
Got it. Will all the apartments be unoccupied?
Jim Szymanski (9:47 А.M.)
The students are on school holiday. But you may want to knock on the doors
just in case.
Bev Munoz (9:48 A.М.)
OK. I can handle Building A because I'm parked nearby. You could work on
Building B. The work will go more quickly that way, and we'll have time for an
afternoon lunch break.
Jim Szymanski (9:49 A.M.)
Exactly. Let me know if you need anything else this morning.
153. What will Mr. Szymanski and Ms. Munoz do
this morning?
(A) Remove litter from parking areas
(B) Service some air conditioners
(C) Repair broken water pipes
(D) Install kitchen appliances
154. At 9:47 A.M., what does Mr. Szymanski
imply when he writes, "The students are on
school holiday"?
(A) Parking will be easy to find.
(B) No students live in Building A.
(C) The apartments should be vacant.
(D) Students often make their own repairs.
Questions 155-157 refer to the following e-mail.
To: Larisa M. Lee
From: Minnich Furniture
Subject: Furniture Sale Ends Friday
Date: Wednesday, 28 August
Minnich Furniture Seasonal Sale!
Last three days for up to 50% savings. Shop for:
Sectionals Lamps
Sofas
Bedroom sets
Over 1,000 items on sale. Hurry! Inventory is going fast!
Shop online at www.minnichfurniture.com
이 Limited quantities of certain items are available. Limit 2 sale items
per customer.
Offer applies to Internet orders only. Additional cost for shipping.
Returns must be initiated within 30 days.
See Web site for full details and photos of all offerings.
155. Who most likely is Ms. Lee?
(A) A potential customer
(B) A sales representative
(C) An interior designer
(D) A warehouse employee
156. How can purchases be made from Minnich
Furniture?
(A) By shopping at one of several retail
stores in the area
(B) By visiting the central warehouse
(C) By phoning the call center
(D) By placing an online order
157. What is indicated in the e-mail?
(A) The sale will end in 30 days.
(B) Returns of discounted items are not
allowed.
(C) Customers can buy only two items at
sale price.
(D) Only 1,000 items are left in stock.
Questions 158-161 refer to the following letter.
Johan Krueger
Xolani Publishing
291 Waring Road
Pretoria 0002 South Africa
16 June
Nadja Abdi, Office Manager
64 Kenda Avenue
Nairobi 00606 Kenya
Dear Ms. Abdi,
Thank you for requesting a free trial issue of Modern Style Magazine. Enclosed is
your complimentary issue. Businesses like yours benef.t greatly from our magazine
service. Did you know that patients typically wait up to twenty minutes before
their checkup or cleaning? Having magazines to read helps the wait time pass
quickly.
Ready to order a full subscription? Return the enclosed card and get 20 percent off
the newsstand price. As a bonus, we will include a copy of our annual review issue
at no extra charge.
Sincerely,
Johan Krueger
Johan Krueger, Xolani Publishing MOREAD
P.S. We publish magazines for a variety of readers worldwide, including popular
titles such as Sports Today, Home Repair Journal, and Budget Traveler Monthly.
As a business, you can request a complimentary trial issue of any title in our
catalogue. Just visit our Web site today! ER SITE
158. What type of business does Ms. Abdi most
likely manage?
(A) A hair salon
(B) A dental clinic
(C) A coffee shop
(D) A law firm
159. The word "pass" in paragraph 1, line 4, is
closest in meaning to
(A) cross
(B) happen
(C) elapse
(D) overlook
160. What: is indicated about Xolani Publishing?
(A) I':s products appeal to people with
various interests.
(B) It mainly publishes academic journals.
(C) Its customer base is limited to South
Africa.
(D) It sells mostly digital subscriptions.
161. Wha: is NOT offered to Ms. Abdi in the
letter?
(A) A free trial issue of another magazine
(B) A discounted subscription rate
(C) A bonus for referring new subscribers
(D) A free issue of Modern Style Magazine
Questions 162-165 refer to the following press release.
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Contact: Roberto Barboza
351 922 555 965
LISBON (18 June)-This year's International Candy Conference will be held in
Lisbon, Portugal, at the Vil de Maitros Convention Center near the Bibb Bubblegum factory.
Thousands of candy industry specialists from around the world are expected to attend the event
on 8-10 September.-[1]-
Amanda Bibb, CEO of Bibb Bubblegum, takes the chewing gum industry very seriously.
-[2]-. As the company's fourth-generation CEO, she proudly shares, "My family is excited
to sponsor this event and thrilled to be the first chewing gum company ever to host the
International Candy Conference!" Ms. Bibb is also especially pleased that the candy
conference will be in Portugal this year. - [3] -. “Bibb Bubblegum started with a tiny shop
near Lisbon. While our main factory is local, we now sell our gum in seven countries.
We hope this event will bring attention and revenue to our community as well as to the
international bubblegum market."
For more information about the International Candy Conference and for tours of the Bibb
Bubblegum factory, contact Roberto Barboza at 351 922 555 965 or visit
www.BibbBubblegum.com. - [4] -
162. What is the main purpose of the press
release?
(A) To explain the history of the candy
industry
(B) To announce the expansion of a gum
company
(C) To introduce the CEO of a new
business
(D) To promote a conference and its
sponsor
163. What is indicated about the Bibb
Bubblegum company?
(A) It allows visitors to tour its facility.
164. Who most likely is Mr. Barboza?
(A) A shop owner
(B) A company representative
(C) A newspaper writer
(D) A travel agent
165. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?
"That number now will likely include many
gum manufacturers, as Bibb Bubblegum
will host this year's event."
(A) [1]
(B) Its headquarters are in Lisbon. (B) [2]
(C) It is a new candy business in Portugal. (C) [3]
(D) It offers more flavors than other gum
companies do.
(D) [4]
Questions 166-168 refer to the following notice.
Your upgraded Impala card is in the mail!
At Impala Credit Union, your safety and convenience are paramount. That is
why wee are introducing contactless technology for all our member credit and
debit cards. With this new development, you will no longer have to swipe or
insert your card in a chip reader at checkout. In fact, you will not even need to
remove your card from a physical wallet; simply hold it near a point of sale for it
to be read!
There are a few important things to keep in mind. First, your current card will be
deactivated on October 31. You may continue to use it until that time.
Second, the upgraded card may arrive before your current one expires. Once
you activate the new card, the old one willautomatically be deactivated and no
longer be valid for use. You will need to manually activate your new card by
following the instructions on the attached sticker.
Third, your contactless technology card will have a new card number, expiration
date, and security number. When activating, you will be prompted to choose a
PIN (personal identification number). The PIN from your current card will not
automatically transfer over. Be sure to update your card on file for all preferred
online retailers and app subscriptions to ensure continued access.
We hope that you enjoy your new card. For any questions regarding your
contactless technology Impala card, feel free to contact customer service at
1-610-555-0168.
166. What is the purpose of the notice?
(A) To request customer feedback
(B) To alert customers of credit card fraud
(C) To inform customers of a new payment
method
(D) To announce a change in billing policies
167. What is indicated about the new Impala
card?
(A) It will be valid for use as of October 31.
(B) It does not need to be removed from a
wallet for use.
(C) It cannot be used for app subscriptions.
(D) It will contain the same identification
information as the old card.
168. What do customers need to do when
activating their new card?
(A) Select a PIN
(B) Cancel their current card
(C) Enter the security number
(D) Transfer outstanding balances
Questions 169-172 refer to the following online chat.
Frieda Jung (9:16 A.M.) I have to be out of the office starting on Wednesday until next
Monday. I need to present a funding request at the regional legislature office.Would you both
feel comfortable giving the presentation about the new Riverwalk to the urban development
committee on Friday?
Cassie Alswith (9:18 A.M.) I think we could handle that. Right, Austin?
Austin Everett (9:20 A.M.) Definitely. I'm not sure how available you will be, Ms. Jung, but we
could send you an overview of the presentation on Thursday ifyou'd like.
Frieda Jung (9:22 A.M.) I don't think that's necessary. Please be sure to highlight the revenue
that we think will be brought into the region by the new businesses, as well as the positive
environmental impacts our research group noted.
Austin Everett (9:23 A.M.) Got it. We will make sure to do that.
Cassie Alswith (9:25 A.M.) Would it be okay if I submit the weekly progress report on
Monday instead of Friday? That way I'll have a little more time to prepare for the presentation.
Frieda Jung (9:26 A.M.) Yes, that's a good idea.
Cassie Alswith (9:26 A.M.) Great. Thank you!
Frieda Jung (9:27 A.M.) I might not respond to e-mail as frequently while I'm gone, but feel
free to call me or text me if there's anything urgent that comes up.
171. What is indicated about the Riverwalk?
(A) It will likely bring extra business to the
area.
(B) It is located in the center of the city.
(C) Ms. Alswith is skeptical about its
benefits.
169. Why will Ms. Jung be out of the officе?
(A) She is interviewing for a different job.
(B) She has another work obligation.
(C) She is taking time off for personal
reasons.
(D) She has a doctor's appointment.
170. At 9:22 A.M., what does Ms. Jung most likely
mean when she writes, "I don't think that's
necessary"?
(A) She is frustrated with Mr. Everett.
(B) She is confident in the abilities of
Mr. Everett and Ms. Alswith.
(C) She does not enjoy reading e-mails.
(D) She thinks the meeting should be
canceled.
172.
(D) The construction on it has progressed
quickly.
What is suggested about Ms. Alswith's
report?
(A) It has never been submitted late.
(B) It will be submitted to the legislature
office.
(C) It is submitted every Friday.
(D) It must be reviewed by Mr. Everett on
Monday.
Questions 173-175 refer to the following letter.
14 July
Dear Ms. Tartal,
Westmouth Financial Services
1311 Paul Street
Exeter EX8 9Y], United Kingdom
I am writing to notify you of some upcoming changes regarding your retirement
investment account at Westmouth Financial. — [1] -. Firstly, as you may already
know, your primary financial services advisor, Felix Reardon, is retiring next month.
-[2]-. 1 have over fifteen years of experience working in personal finance and
have worked at Westmouth Financial for three of those years, helping over 25 clients
meet their retirement goals through savvy financial planning. I am excited to help
you continue this journey.
Secondly, I would like to schedule a time to meet or talk with you about your current
portfolio.-[3]-. We could meet in person or just have a simple phone or video
chat, but it would be good for us to touch base to plan your investment strategy for
the next ten years as you are nearing your retirement. Along those lines, I specifically
wanted to see if you were interested in shifting some of your funds into more stable
assets like bonds and annuities. — [4] -. I usually recommend shifting into these
safer options as you get closer to retirement. Please feel free to call me or send an
e-mail so we can arrange a time to talk. Thanks, and I look forward to speaking more.
Sincerely,
Rita
Rita
 Hidayat,
 Hidayat
 Account Manager AMOREAD
173. What is indicated about Ms. Hidayat?
(A) Personal finance is her second career.
(B) She has been in her current role for
three years.
(C) She was Mr. Reardon's mentor.
(D) She retired fifteen years ago.
174. What is suggested about Ms. Tartal's
financial portfolio?
(A) It does not have a great deal of value.
(B) Mr. Reardon did not manage it well.
(C) Ms. Tartal expected it to perform better.
(D) It has several risky assets.
175. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?
"Therefore, I will be taking over the
management of your account."
(A) [1]
(B) [2]
(C) [3]
(D) [4]
Questions 176-180 refer to the following article and survey.
New Home for Theatre Group "talk-backs" will immediately follow every
performance. Talk-backs allow the director
and cast members to share their thoughts
about the play, and audience members can
ask them questions. "We want to be part of
the artistic communities in both Auckland
and the larger community around us," said
Mr. Larkins.
AUCKLAND (11 July)-The south end of
Darby Street is dominated by the imposing
Victorian building that formerly held the
main branch of Pacific Trade Bank. That
building is now the home of the Cornata
Theatre Company. After a grand-opening
ceremony on Tuesday, tours of the new
theatre were given to attendees.
The debut show is Relax, a comedy by
Mi-Sun Yeo about a popular tourist site.
Performances are scheduled to begin on
Saturday, 16 July, and run until the end of
the month.
According to Noah Larkins, the artistic
director of the Cornata Theatre Company,
The building houses a main stage theatre
that seats approximately 325 people and a
smaller studio theatre upstairs. The company
will also offer acting classes for children and
adults. For more information or to buy
tickets, visit the company's Web page at
www.cornatatheatre.nz.
Thank you for attending Relax. Please take a few moments to tell us about
your experience.
Name and e-mail address: Julia Cruz <jcruz@northwing.nz>
1. How would you rate the performance you saw?
Excellent ✗ Good Fair
2. How would you rate your overall theatre experience?
Excellent Good X Fair
Did not enjoy
Did not enjoy
3. How did you hear about us? (Check all that apply.)
Print advertisement ✗ Social media ✗ Television E-mail
Comments: The play was a fascinating story, and the acting was
brilliant. I'm delighted to be a subscribing member of the theatre
this season. If all the shows are this good, I'll be very happy. There
did seem to be a problem with the concession stand. There was a
long line for food and drinks, and it did not move very quickly.
176. What is the purpose of the article? 179. What is suggested about Ms. Cruz?
(A) To examine the history that a play is
based on
(A) She heard about a theater from an
e-mail.
(B) To attract participation from amateur
actors
(B) She enjoyed the food and drinks
offered.
(C) To announce the opening of an arts
venue
(C) She did not think the acting was very
good.
(D) To advertise a service for tourists
177. Who is Ms. Yeo?
(A) A playwright
(B) A banker
(C) A department head
(D) A director of tourism
178. What does the article mention about the
building on Darby Street?
(A) It contains apartments for many
families.
(B) It was once a bank.
(C) It is the oldest building on the street.
(D) It offers a community jobs program.
(D) She saw the first play performed in a
new theater.
180. What does Ms. Cruz indicate in the survey?
(A) She recently moved to Auckland.
(B) She works at a nearby restaurant.
(C) She is a season subscriber.
(D) She stopped at a theater after
shopping.
Questions 181-185 refer to the following instructions and form.
Blendora Coffee
Item 16: Creamy Vanilla Blendelicious
Steps
1. Pour espresso Use dark roast or decaf. For small drinks, add 1 shot. For
medium drinks, add 2 shots. For large drinks, add 3 shots.
2. Pour milk For regular drinks, use whole milk. When customers request a
light drink, use nonfat milk.
3. Add flavor Use vanilla powder. For small drinks, add 2 scoops. For
medium drinks, add 3 scoops. For large drinks, add 4 scoops.
4. Add ice Use the markings on the ice scoop for small, medium, and
large drinks.
5. Blend Press the orange button on the blender. The texture should be
creamy.
6. Finish and serve
7. Clean up
Pour into a plastic cup. For regular drinks, top with whipped
cream and use a domed lid. For light drinks, do not top with
whipped cream and use a flat lid.
Rinse blender cover and metal blender cup. Wipe the counter.
Blendora Coffee Barista Training
Trainee: Matt Molinelli
Trainer: Kuniko Osawa
Date: June 17
Drink: Creamy Vanilla Blendelicious (Light) Size: ☐ Small ☑Medium
Rate the quality of the finished beverage.
Perfect Very Gooр Good
Large
Acceptable ☐Unacceptable
What errors did the trainee make?
Mr. Molinelli measured correctly for a medium beverage, and he used nonfat milk. However, he
did everything else according to the regular recipe, not the light one.
Comments: Mr. Molinelli was adept at using his hands, and he kept a smile on his face. Once
he memorizes the recipes, he will be an excellent barista.
181. Who are the instructions meant for?
(A) Dishwashers at a restaurant
(B) New employees at a coffee shop
(C) Customers placing an order
(D) Restaurant equipment manufacturers
182. According to the instructions, what is true of
the Creamy Vanilla Blendelicious?
(A) It is available in two sizes only.
(B) It is served hot.
(C) It is not available in decaf.
(D) It is sometimes served with a flat lid.
183. How many scoops of vanilla powder did
Mr. Molinelli use?
(A) One
(B) Two
(C) Three
(D) Four
184. What did Mr. Molinelli do wrong?
(A) He put whipped cream on the drink.
(B) He used the wrong type of milk.
(C) He used only one shot of espresso.
(D) He washed the blender without using
soap.
185. What does Ms. Osawa suggest about
Mr. Molinelli in the form?
(A) He asked her for help to make the
drink.
(B) He presented a friendly appearance.
(C) He had never used a blender before.
(D) He has an excellent memory.
Questions 186-190 refer to the following online profile and e-mails.
Dialed-In: The Web Site for Professional Connections
Quentin Rines
Dialed-In Code number: 04404782
Position wanted:
Director of Commercial Lending
Experience:
Assistant Manager, Commercial Lending
First Bank of Barbados
Three years, three months (present position)
Loan Officer
First Bank of Barbados
Three years, eight months
Teller
First Bank of Barbados
year, two months
To:
From:
Date:
Subject:
Dear Mr. Rines:
Quentin Rines <qrines@islandlink.bb>
Rozella Huy <rozella.huy@ventana.com>
14 November
Job offer
On behalf of all staff here at Ventana Bank, I want to say how pleased we were to meet
you last week. We appreciate that you were able to spend so much time with us discussing
your background and plans for the future. We are pleased to offer you the position of
director of commercial lending. The position will be based in our George Town location
on the Cayman Islands. Should you accept the position, you will receive the pay and
benefits described during the interview process, as well as a relocation reimbursement of
USD $1.000.
Please let us know whether you accept the offer by 29 November and inform us of your
preferred start date. We hope to have the position filled by mid-December.
Congratulations on being selected. We look forward to welcoming you to our team.
Sincerely.
Rozella Huy
President, Ventana Bank
To:
*E-mail*
Tomas Melville <tmelville@homenetwork.bb>
From: Quentin Rines <qrines@islandlink.bb>
Date: 14 November
Subject: New position
Mr. Melville,
I just received the job offer from Ventana Bank that we discussed on Monday. They are
meeting my salary request and offering me money for relocating too.
This has been my goal ever since you hired me as a teller, right out of college. But now
that I have been offered my dream job, I am having doubts. The new location seems so
far away. I would rarely get to see my parents and my siblings.
for
I would welcome your help in this matter. Could we get together in the next few days
lunch or coffee? As you know, I have always valued your input, and I have missed
our lunchtime conversations since you retired.
Quentin
186. According to the online profile, what is
Mr. Rines's current job?
(A) Director
(B) Assistant manager
(C) Loan officer
(D) Teller
187. What is indicated about Mr. Rines
 in the
first e-mail?
(A) He was offered $1,000 to help pay for
moving.
(B) He worked with Ms. Huy at First Bank
of Barbados.
(C) He plans to go on a short trip to the
Cayman Islands.
(D) He recently opened an account at
Ventana Bank.
188. What is Mr. Rines's concern about the
position?
(A) It pays less than advertised.
(B) It requires him to move to the Cayman
Islands.
(C) It requires him to start before he is
ready.
(D) It seems to be more demanding than
he originally thought.
189. According to the second e-mail, why does
Mr. Rines want to meet with Mr. Melville?
(A) To offer him a job
(B) To request a loan
(C) To ask for advice
(D) To thank him for his help
190. What is suggested about Mr. Melville?
(A) He lives in George Town.
(B) He contacted Mr. Rines using the
Dialed-In Web site.
(C) He is a friend of Ms. Huy's.
(D) He once worked at First Bank of
Barbados.
Questions 191-195 refer to the following process chart, letter, and product chart.
The Mayan Joy Cocoa Process
From our organic fields to your kitchen table!
1. We plant
and cultivate
the seeds
following
ancient
traditions.
2. We dry,
clean, and
prepare the
seeds
naturally.
3. We toast
the cocoa
beans and
remove the
shells by
hand.
4. We grind
the shelled
beans to
produce
100% pure
cocoa
powder.
5. YOU enjoy
our Mexican
cocoa, a rich,
sensational,
delicious
superfood!
Mayan Joy Cocoa
Av Tulum Plaza Galerias
Cancun, Quintana Roo 97655
Mexico
March 24
James Grigio
39 Lansford Lane
Valley Falls, Kansas 66088
United States
MOREAD
Mayan Joy Cocoa Representative:
When I was recently in Mexico, I purchased a block of your fine cocoa. It was the
best I ever had! I did some research on your products, and I was very impressed
with your process. I especially appreciate that your workers take care to remove
the shells from the beans by hand.
I would like to purchase some more to make my own chocolates at home. Please
send me information and pricing. I would prefer to purchase a one-pound block of
pure, unsweetened Yucatan cocoa. I will be sweetening the candy myself, so I am
not looking for sweetened coсоa.
Thank you.
JamesGrigio
James Grigio
Mayan Joy Cocoa Products Chart
Item: C-200
House Blend Artisan Block Block Gift Mountain Bag
Half-pound bag $25 1 pound $40 2 pounds $98 1 pound $65
Item: D-23 Item: C-100 Item: M-42
Pure cocoa
from the
Yucatan
Rich, bittersweet,
blended powder
Ready for making
steamy, frothy, hot
drinks
Cocoa, white and
brown sugar,
cinnamon, ancho,
allspice, anise, and
cayenne
Perfect for drinks,
cooking, baking,
and confections
100% pure cocoa
in block form
Pure cocoa
from the
Yucatan
Beautifully
displayed in a
handcrafted
wooden gift box
100% pure cocoa
in block form
Mountain grown
in the highlands of
Guatemala
Unsweetened
cocoa in bag
designed with
artwork from
Guatemala
100% pure cocoa
in block form
191. Based on the process chart, what is done to
the seeds immediately after they are
cultivated?
(A) They are made into a beverage.
(B) They are ground into powder.
(C) They are toasted.
(D) They are dried.
192. What does Mr. Grigio indicate in the letter?
(A) He lives in Cancun, Quintana Roo.
(B) He grows natural cocoa.
(C) He owns a chocolate shop.
(D) He bought cocoa in Mexico.
193. What step in Mayan Joy Cocoa's process
does Mr. Grigio praise?
(A) Step 1
(B) Step 2
(C) Step 3
(D) Step 4
194. What is true about the Mayan Joy Block
Gift?
(A) It is the only product that comes in a
decorated container.
(B) It is the only product that is from the
Yucatan.
(C) It is larger than the other products from
Mayan Joy.
(D) It contains more added sugar than the
other Mayan Joy products.
195. What product will Mr. Grigio most likely
purchase?
(A) House Blend
(B) Artisan Block
(C) Block Gift
(D) Mountain Bag
Questions 196-200 refer to the following report, coupon, and receipt.
Customer Survey Feedback Report
Generated for: Floorsy, Inc.
Conducted by: Gwyneth Gupta
Medallion Marketing Consultants
Completely
Unsatisfied
Somewhat Neutral Unsatisfied
Somewhat
Satisfied
Very
Satisfied
Overall customer
experience 미 0
Customer service
Product options 미
미
미
미
미
마
미
Product value 미 미 미 Π 미
Web site organization 미
Comments: The results of Medallion's survey are compiled above. We had 923 responses.
There are several areas where Floorsy could improve its services to grow the business.
First, customers had issues getting adequate customer service-this was due to slow e-mail
response times, especially when making changes to orders. Medallion recommends investing
in a chat window for the Web site and training customer representatives to use it. Customers
enjoyed the Web site, and the chat feature would allow customers to get immediate service.
One general comment stood out regarding product options. Customers appreciated the wide
variety of low-pile carpets with short fibers. They appreciated their high durability for areas
where people frequently walk. However, they were also interested in thicker shag rugs for
lounge areas like living rooms.
Floorsy Discount Coupon
Thank you for responding to our customer survey!
As a reward for your support, get 20% off your next online purchase
from May 1 to 31!
Enter the code REWARD20 at checkout.
Note: Floorsy.com offers free shipping and handling on all orders.
Dear Mr. Lindsay,
Thank You For Your Order
Thank you for your phone order. The following items from your order #104850 have
been delivered.
Hendesia Low-Pile Rug in Ruby Red (6 x 9) x1 $180.00
Verenia Shag Rug in Blue (6 x 9) x1 $250.00
Subtotal $430.00
Discount $86.00 (Code: REWARD20)
Total $344.00
Paid in full
As a growing business, we take all reviews and comments seriously. Please visit
www.floorsy.com/comments to submit a review, and receive 10% off your next purchase.
If you need assistance with your purchase, please e-mail customerservice@floorsy.com.
196. What is indicated in the report?
(A) Customers found the Web site easy to
navigate.
(B) Customers think the products are too
expensive.
(C) Customer service representatives
received high marks.
(D) Customers rarely communicate by
e-mail.
197. What is one recommendation Ms. Gupta
makes in the report?
(A) To hire more interior designers
(B) To lower the price of the rugs
(C) To change the returns policy
(D) To spend more money on customer
support
199. What can be concluded about Floorsy?
198. According to the coupon, what is true about
Floorsy?
(A) It rarely has sales.
(B) It ships items at no extra cost.
(C) It does not offer gift cards.
(D) Its Web site is poorly organized.
(A) It has fully redesigned its Web site.
(B) It has offered Ms. Gupta a
management position.
(C) It has added shag rugs to its product
offerings.
(D) It has hired additional customer
representatives.
200. What is most likely true about Mr. Lindsay?
(A) He spoke to Ms. Gupta about his order.
(B) He was somewhat unsatisfied with the
rugs.
(C) He sent an e-mail to change his order.
(D) He submitted responses to the
customer survey.
