PART 6
Directions: Read the texts that follow. A word, phrase, or sentence is missing in parts of each text.
Four answer choices for each question are given below the text. Select the best answer to complete
the text. Then mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
Questions 131-134 refer to the following article.
(May 19)-Meat substitutes, which are plant-based foods with meat-like tastes and textures,
are currently enjoying a boom nationwide. The market for such products grew nearly 50% in the
past year, and they can now be found in a --- range of settings, from supermarket shelves to 131.
fast-food restaurants.
A major reason for this trend is changing consumer 132.affected by concern about the
environmental impact of livestock farming. According to Ivan Ortega, spokesperson for the Plant
Based Food Association, the lower prices and better taste of newer meat substitutes have
contributed Mr. Ortega believes that this sector of the industry will only continue to grow 133.
in the future. 134.
131. (A) total
(B) broad
(C) constant
(D) numerous
132. (A) to prefer
(B) preferably
(C) preferring
(D) preferences
WE 133. (A) as well
(B) already
(C) so far
(D) mainly
134. (A) Furthermore, his health has improved
since the removal of meat from his diet.
(B) His association also includes makers of
dairy alternatives such as soy milk.
(C) Therefore, he feels the process for making
meat substitutes is too complex.
(D) In fact, he predicts that substitutes will
equal meat in popularity within 15 years.
Questions 135-138 refer to the following letter.
5 February
Lou Spellman
Senior Project Manager
North Perth Developers
349 Doyle Street
North Perth WA 6006
Dear Mr. Spellman,
Thank you for your invitation to bid for the contract for Stonefield Apartments. Enclosed you will
find our bid, which-the price for which we could install the desired plumbing and a
135.
prospective timeline. I believe you will find it to be a very attractive 136.
We are currently finishing up the installation of all plumbing in the four-story Nowlin Hotel 137.
on schedule and under budget.---- that, we equipped all 32 restrooms of the Rishley Center 138.
with reliable touchless sinks and toilets.
It would be my pleasure to speak with you about our bid or the Packard & Bowers crew. I can
be reached at 9291 4998.
Sincerely,
Bella Packard
Packard & Bowers Plumbing
Encl.
135. (A) specify
(B) specified
(C) specifies
(D) is specifying
136. (A) design
(B) proposal
(C) building
(D) appliance
137. (A) The bid invitation said that the deadline for
submissions is 6 February.
(B) The computer-generated image of the
complex on your Web site is stunning.
(C) I would also like to highlight our recent
work on similar projects.
(D) My business partner is familiar with your
company.
138. (A) Prior to
(B) After
(C) Instead of
(D) Concerning
Questions 139-142 refer to the following e-mail.
To: Nate Hopkins <nate.hopkins@genmail.com>
From: Akari Kaneko <a.kaneko@flurry.com>
Date: July 27
Subject: Announcement
Dear Mr. Hopkins,
I am sorry to announce that the Flurry app will cease 1Ron September 1. From that date, it 139.
will not be possible to stream, download, or listen to podcasts through Flurry. Also, you will no
longer have access to data associated with Flurry account, such as downloaded 140.
episodes, lists of favorite shows, and listening preferences. If you would like to save this
information and export it to another podcast app, pleasethe instructions at www.flurry. 141.
com/help/394. 142. . Questions may be directed to the Flurry customer service center, which
will remain open through September 1. We apologize again, and thank you for using Flurry until
now.
Sincerely,
Akari Kaneko
President, Flurry, Inc.
139. (A) operate
(B) operated
(C) operative
(D) operations
140. (A) my
(B) their
(C) your
142. (A) Otherwise, no action is necessary on your
part.
(B) Afterward, Flurry should run more
smoothly.
(C) Our new parent company offers its own
podcast app.
(D) We see you have not downloaded the
most recent update.
(D) our
141. (A) unveil
(B) consult
(C) refer
(D) contact
Questions 143-146 refer to the following article.
OAKRIDGE (November 22)-Oakridge authorities were notified yesterday that intercity
express bus operator Swiftbus --- service to its stop in the city. The company specified 143.
December 1 as the effective date of the change. Located in front of Oakridge Plaza,
the soon-to-bestop was added to the line running between Bealett and Knappton earlier 144.
this year. In the notice, Swiftbus cited low ridership as the reason for the decision. 145. 146.
also expressed a willingness to reestablish service to the city if there is an increase in demand
in the future.
143. (A) will be halting
(B) has been halting
(C) has halted
(D) is halted
144. (A) granted
(B) inspected
(C) expanded
(D) discontinued
146. (A) Hе
(B) It
(C) Some
(D) We
EMMOREAD
145. (A) The route has been served up to twice daily,
depending on the day.
(B) Oakridge officials are seeking more ways to
improve its transit services.
(C) The plaza has since become the cultural
center of Oakridge.
(D) Both destinations have strong manufacturing
industries.
SITE
Questions 149-150 refer to the following e-mail.
E-Mail message Π
From: Niran Chaiya
To: Rebecca Briggs
Subject:
Date:
Attachment:
Information
January 25
List
Dear Ms. Briggs,
As I promised in our phone conversation, attached you will find a list of available houses
and apartments in Bangkok. All ofthe properties fit the criteria you provided and are priced
within your company's rental allowance for relocated executives. I have included details
such as square footage and amenities, as well as interior photos and neighborhood maps.
Please review the list and tell me which property you prefer so that I can begin preparing
the necessary paperwork. Some of these places are quite desirable, so I recommend acting
quickly.
Please call me if any questions come up.
Sincerely,
Corporate Relocation Specialist
Chao Phraya Services
149. What is one purpose of the e-mail?
(A) To describe some of the difficulties of
relocation
(B) To promote a new benefit for
executives
(C) To arrange payment of an allowance
(D) To supply information on housing
options
150. What is Ms. Briggs asked to do?
(A) Confirm a timeline
(B) Communicate a preference
(C) Visit some properties
(D) Collect some documents
