PART 6
Directions: Read the texts that follow. A word, phrase, or sentence is missing in parts of each text.
Four answer choices for each question are given below the text. Select the best answer to complete
the text. Then mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
Questions 131-134 refer to the following e-mail.
To: pmendoza@factmail.co
From: recruiting@analystsassoc.org
Date: May 2
Subject: Joining ASA
Dear Mr. Mendoza,
Thank you for expressing your interest in our organization during the recent ----. It was a pleasure 131.
meeting you at the ASA booth during the Weber Information Systems Convention. As you may
recall from our conversation, we discussed how ASA membership-your career through 132.
networking opportunities as well as the industry insights offered in our monthly newsletter. The
normal fee for members is just $120 a year; however, we are currently offering a new-member
discount.
133.
If you are still interested in joining, please reply to------- with your mailing address. I will then 134.
forward you an application packet.
Sincerely,
Ashlee Loren, President
Association of Systems Analysts
131. (A) election
(B) broadcast
(C) conference
(D) performance
132. (A) can benefit
133. (A) Discounts on rental cars are included
in the annual membership.
(B) Our jobs board is quite comprehensive.
(C) We are the first organization of our
kind.
(D) This month you can join for just half
(B) the usual rate. is benefiting
(C) has benefited
(D) will have benefited 134. (A) it
(B) me
(C) them
(D) anyone
Questions 135-138 refer to the following e-mail.
To: Sam Heinz
From: Northways Professional Development
Sent: April 20
Subject: Workshop 4/28-4/30
Dear Workshop Participants,
We look forward to seeing you at the digital storytelling workshop. On the first day, when you enter
the Albin College campus, attendants will -you to lot 43 and the Toteman Building. We will 135.
begin each day in conference room 9. Coffee, tea, snacks, and fruit -- in the mornings. Lunch 136.
will be sandwiches and salads from Black Horse Restaurant. 137.
In the afternoons, we will be working in the computer lab. We suggest that you assemble some
images that you would like to use for your project. It will be---for you to have them saved on a 138.
digital storage device beforehand. If you have any questions, please e-mail us.
Very Best,
Gina Kapuski
135. (A) offer
(B) direct
(C) pass
(D) instruct
136. (A) will be provided
137.
(B) were provided
(C) providers
(D) are providing
(A) Some prior experience working with digital
files is assumed.
(B) Please do not bring any copyrighted
material to the workshop.
(C) Please let us know if you have any dietary
restrictions.
(D) There is a one-time parking charge of
fifteen dollars.
138. (A) useful
(B) surprised
(C) difficult
(D) amazing
Questions 139-142 refer to the following article.
Venley Foods Responsive to Changing Consumers
Who cares where the tomatoes in your salad actually came from?--, an increasing number of 139.'
people do, according to a study conducted by the Consumer Group. In fact, the study shows that
many consumers would pay an average of 10 percent more when given the exact source of a
fresh food product. 140. Some grocery stores, such as Venley Foods in Boston, have taken
advantage of the trend and used it to implement --- branding and marketing. "If we can tell a 141.
story about our product," says Venley Foods CEO Minji Kim, "then we've added----- in the 142.
minds of consumers."
139. (A) Carefully
(B) Apparently
(C) Formerly
(D) Rarely AEMM
140. (A) Fresh food can be refrigerated for up
to two days.
(B) Many grocery stores have been
extending their hours.
(C) Most studies are published in
consumer magazines.
large cities.
141. (A) smarts
(B) smartly
(C) smarter
(D) smartness
142. (A) value
(B) time
(C) obstacles
(D) bonus
Questions 143-146 refer to the following article.
Nylobe, Inc., Announces Newest Development Project
SEATTLE (May 1)-Researchers at technology firm Nylobe, Inc., are working to develop a sensor
capable of detecting corrosion caused by environmental exposure. Corrosion is a major contributor
to --- losses in the aircraft industry each year. "This will be a major-for commercial airline 143. 144.
fleets," says Mel Laveau, Nylobe's CEO. "The sensor will decrease both labor and maintenance
costs without being too expensive."
According to Ms. Laveau, the sensor will work by detecting corrosion in its early stages, when the
problem can be corrected simply by removing the corroded material. ------- In the structure of large 145.
aircraft, some critical joints can be particularly susceptible to corrosion., the sensor can be 146.
used to inspect these areas and then target the most likely areas of concern.
143. (A) financially
(B) financed
144.
(C) financial
(D) finances
(A) balance
(B) examination
(C) expectation
(D) asset
EMM 146. (A) Meanwhile
(B) Similarly
(C) Otherwise
(D) Fortunately
145. (A) This will reduce the need for making
expensive structural repairs.
(B) The parts have all been replaced with
higher quality materials.
(C) The next stage of the project involves
scanning the affected areas.
(D) Its style and sleek design made it
popular with the public.
