PART 7
Directions: In this part you will read a selection of texts, such as magazine and newspaper articles,
e-mails, and instant messages. Each text or set of texts is followed by several questions. Select the
best answer for each question and mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
Questions 147-148 refer to the following invoice.
18 October
Jenkins Press
P.O. Box 2291
Dubai, UAE
Service
Invoice 3987
Shawqi Office Services, Dubai, UAE
Report requested in English
On 14 October, replaced bulb and repaired paper tray on copier per call received on
12 October. Replaced copy ink in two machines. Performed routine yearly maintenance
on five copiers per existing service contract.
Labor cost AED 330.00
Paper tray AED 50.00
Bulb AED 30.00
Copy ink AED 220.00
Total AED 630.00
Total amount must be received by 31 October.
Thank you for your business!
147. What is indicated about Jenkins Press?
(A) It has several offices around the world.
(B) Its copiers get checked every year.
(C) Its office equipment is outdated.
(D) It is a new customer of Shawqi Office
Services.
148. When is payment due?
(A) October 12
(B) October 14
(C) October 18
(D) October 31
Questions 149-151 refer to the following advertisement.
Harbour View Apartment-Porthmadog, Wales
This one-bedroom apartment is perfect for a holiday escape! Located in a quiet area, it
boasts a patio with a lovely view of the harbour. Recently renovated, the unit includes an
eat-in kitchen with stove, refrigerator, microwave, and coffeepot; bathroom with walk-in
shower; and a living room with a large-screen TV. Other amenities of the property include:
• Short distance to restaurants and shops
• Five-minute walk to the beach
• Public gardens and historic sites within a 20-minute drive
• Heat and electricity included
• Towels and bed linens provided on-site
• Daily cleaning service available (extra fee)
• Wireless Internet access (extra fee)
Reserve this lovely gem now! Signing a contract by March 30 will reduce the rental cost
by 10 percent. To sign a contract, contact Dylan Barrett at dbarrett@telarentals.co.uk.
149. Who would the advertisement most likely
interest?
(A) Business travelers
(B) Residents of Porthmadog (C) Property investors
(D) Short-term vacationers
150. What is indicated about the rental fee?
(A) It includes tours of historic places.
151. Why should an individual contact
Mr. Barrett by March 30?
(A) To get a discount on rent
(B) To schedule apartment renovations
(C) To rent the last available property
(D) To sell the property before the end of
the season
(B) It does not cover all of the apartment's
features.
(C) It includes vouchers to use at local
restaurants.
(D) It requires a minimum 30 percent
deposit in advance.
Questions 152-153 refer to the following text-message chain.
Jason Salter (1:45 P.M.)
Liz, the meeting is starting in fifteen minutes. Where are you?
Liz Ortiz (1:47 P.M.)
The train has been stopped on the tracks for awhile. There
seems to be some kind of problem. I still hope to make the
meeting.
Jason Salter (1:50 P.M.)
Okay. I'll save you a seat.
Liz Ortiz (1:59 P.M.)
There's just been an announcement. There's a disabled train
up ahead. It'll be awhile.
Jason Salter (2:00 P.M.)
Don't worry. If there are any questions for our department,
I'll handle them.
Liz Ortiz (2:01 P.M.)
Thanks. I'll call you later.
152. What is suggested about Mr. Salter?
(A) He is leading the meeting.
(B) He commutes to work by train.
(C) He has many questions for Ms. Ortiz.
(D) He works in the same department as
Ms. Ortiz.
153. At 1:59 P.M., what does Ms. Ortiz imply
when she writes, "It'll be awhile"?
(A) The meeting is running late.
(B) She is still preparing her notes.
(C) She will likely miss the meeting.
(D) She has not boarded the train yet.
Questions 154-155 refer to the following e-mail.
E-Mail Message
10 From: tbogosian@sardhasconvention.com
To:
Date:
pradalaily@dmcv.com
22 March
Subject: Your reservation
Attachment: Prada party
Dear Ms. Prada,
Thank you for choosing Sardha's Banquet Hall to host your event on 30 August. Unfortunately, West Hall will be under renovation in August, and we will be unable to
accommodate your group in that room. However, your party will fit comfortably in
East Hall. This room features floor-to-ceiling windows and a full view of the river. The
15 percent deposit we have received will hold the reservation.
As indicated when you completed your request through our Web site, your total price of
$1,600 includes a full-course meal that includes appetizers, soup or salad, main course,
and dessert. Attached to this e-mail please find a copy of the menu presented to guests
with options for appetizer and main course.
Tomas Bogosian
General Manager
154. What is one purpose of the e-mail?
(A) To cancel a reservation
(B) To apologize for an error
(C) To indicate a room change
(D) To request an extra deposit
155. What is suggested about Ms. Prada?
 (A) She has paid her bill in full.
(B) She eats at Sardha's regularly.
(C) She works in the food industry.
(D) She made the reservation online.
Questions 156-157 refer to the following memo.
MEMO
To: All Employees
From: IT Supervisor
Subject: OS Update
Date: 27 May
All company computers in the Melbourne and Victoria offices require an
update to the operating system. This update will prepare our computers
for the new version of our accounting software, which should arrive in the
first week of July. Technicians will install the new operating system
beginning on 3 June. We expect the process to be completed around
16 June, providing time to work out any bugs with the operating system
before the accounting software is uploaded.
Completing the entire process will require you to log in so that we can
verify the system is working as anticipated. Therefore, if you plan to go on
holiday during this period, please inform IT Support immediately of the
dates you will be out so that we can plan an alternate date to
accommodate your schedule.
If you have any questions, please contact IT Support staff at extension 48.
156. When is the installation of the operating
system expected to be finished?
(A) In the first week of June
(B) In the middle of June
(C) At the end of June
(D) In the first week of July
157. Who is asked to contact IT Support?
(A) Employees who do not need the
accounting software
(B) Accountants already using the new
operating system
(C) Staff who work outside the offices
(D) Employees who are taking time off
Questions 158-160 refer to the following letter.
4 June
Clarke-Ellis Construction
#20 Murphy Industrial Park
St. Michael BB23028
1-246-555-0126
Full-service commercial contractor serving all of Barbados
Ida Gutierrez
Darling Cove Inn
Mango Drive
Folkestone BB24017
Dear Ms. Gutierrez,
Thank you for contacting Clarke-Ellis Construction for your roofing project.
[1]-. After inspecting the property, I have confirmed that the inn's main roof is
in good condition and requires no repairs at this time. However, the roof of the inn's
porch appears to be at least twenty years old and is worn beyond repair. - [2] -.
Clarke-Ellis Construction can remove and dispose of the existing porch roof and
install a new one. The replacement will be comparable to the quality, style, and
colour of the inn's main roof. We will use only commercial-grade leak barriers,
insulation, and shingles manufactured by West Indies Weatherproofing, Inc. The
estimated total cost, inclusive of labour and materials, is $3,260. - [3] -
Additional fees would apply should you want us to make other improvements, such
as painting the porch or replacing porch screens.
Please call me at the number above to discuss scheduling or any questions you have
about the work. - [4] -. I hope to hear from you soon.
Sincerely,
Grayson Clarke, ClarieSITE Co-owner, Clarke-Ellis Construction
158. Why did Mr. Clarke write the letter?
(A) To provide a work proposal
(B) To ask for a project extension
(C) To request an inspection report
(D) To submit a revised cost estimate
159. What is indicated about West Indies
Weatherproofing, Inc.?
(A) It is installing a new porch at Darling
Cove Inn.
(B) It provides painting services.
(C) It produces roofing materials.
(D) It is owned by Clarke-Ellis Construction.
160. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?
"It must be replaced."
(A) [1]
(B) [2]
(C) [3]
(D) [4]
Questions 161-164 refer to the following advertisement.
Position: Assistant Editor
Description
Date Posted: March 15
Goldhorse Press, an independent book publishing company focusing on North American
gardening, has provided gardening advice for home gardeners for over 50 years. We are
currently seeking an assistant editor to join our expanding team in Charlotte, North Carolina.
We offer an excellent benefits package that includes medical and dental insurance.
Responsibilities
Assist editors in the acquisition of titles with mainstream appeal; develop manuscripts,
collaborate with outside support, and work closely with two managing editors.
Requirements/Qualifications
Bachelor's degree ina related field
• Minimum of one year of experience in the publishing industry
• Ability to pay close attention to detail
Comfortable working as a team member
• Some experience in gardening preferred
• Immediate availability
E-mail résumé and salary requirements to humanresources@goldhorsepress.com.
161. What title would most likely be published by
Goldhorse Press?
(A) Growing Your Baking Business
(B) A Tour Guide to North Carolina
(C) Planting Perennial Flowers
(D) The Efficient Executive
163. What is a requirement for the advertised
position?
162. What is indicated about Goldhorse Press?
(A) It is hiring two assistant editors.
(B) It provides insurance to employees.
(C) It publishes trade journals.
(D) It is a newly established company.
(A) A passion for gardening
(B) An aptitude for noticing details
(C) A master's degree in a related field
(D) An ability to work without supervision
164. What are applicants asked to do?
(A) Submit a job application form
(B) Submit a list of references
(C) Indicate availability
(D) Indicate desired pay
Questions 165-168 refer to the following online chat session.
Derek Marshall [8:19 A.M.]
Hi, everyone. I wanted to give an update on our merger with Ridgewood, Inc., and see if
you have had any meetings.
Mai Chung [8:20 A.M.]
Have we worked out which of our Derek Boutique locations will stay open?
Derek Marshall [8:21 A.M.]
Yes, Derek Boutique will keep 35 stores open with the full line of clothing. The other 12
will move their inventory to the Ridgewood, Inc., locations.
Nikita Tamboli [8:22 A.M.]
When should the moves be scheduled? This month?
Derek Marshall [8:23 A.M.]
No, the 12 locations don't need to be vacated until the end of next month. Could you
schedule this for five weeks from now?
Anthony Rossi [8:24 A.M.]
I met over lunch with my managers earlier this week, including the two that I just hired.
That would work.
Mai Chung [8:27 A.M.] MOREAD
I'll be meeting with the managers on my staff, too, to review the transition plan.
Derek Marshall [8:28 A.M.]
This is good work, everyone.
Anthony Rossi [8:29 A.M.]
When will the whole process be complete?
Derek Marshall [8:30 A.M.]
Within about 6 months.

165. Where do the writers most likely work?
(A) At a marketing firm
(B) At a clothing company
(C) At a real estate agency
(D) At a newspaper publisher
166. How many stores will be closing?
(A) 5
(B) 6
(C) 12
(D) 35
167. At 8:25 A.M., what does Ms. Tamboli most
likely mean when she writes, "That would
work"?
(A) The current inventory will be doubled.
(B) Ridgewood, Inc., will close in two
weeks.
(C) Mr. Marshall will meet with the
managers.
(D) She can schedule the moves in the
proposed time frame.
168. What is suggested about Ms. Chung and
Mr. Rossi?
(A) They supervise other employees.
(B) They often shop at Ridgewood, Inc.
(C) They recently went to lunch together.
(D) They have concerns about the merger.
Questions 169-171 refer to the following article.
From the Shadows to the Limelight
By Calum Ellwood
Dr. Esther Nujoma, an agricultural biotechnologist with the Namibia Institute
of Applied Sciences, is the author of
several books on the practical applications
of biotechnology. - [1] -. According to
book critic Paige Kinnock of the London
Daily Register, “Dr. Nujoma has increased
the public's awareness of the role of
biotechnology in daily life through her
ability to translate highly complex
scientific material into simple language."
Her latest work, Shining Behind Shadows,
marks a departure from her usual subject
matter. - [2] -. Rather, the book
highlights the lives and careers of twelve
of her peers from Africa and Asia. The
idea came to her three years ago at a
conference in Chile. As Dr. Nujoma
recalls, "Listening to one speaker after
another, I realized that many of my
colleagues are from regions of the world,
such as Africa and Asia, that were
underrepresented." - [3]-
The book is quite compelling. Dr. Nujoma
brings to life the stories of how her peers
were drawn to the profession and the
effort they pour into their work.
The book does, however, fall short in one
respect: it provides insights only into the
lives and careers of those working in the
field of agricultural biotechnology. I
would have welcomed the stories of those
specializing in animal, marine, or medical
biotechnology, too. - [4] -. Even so,
Dr. Nujoma has again succeeded in
creating a work that speaks to experts and
laypeople alike.
169. What is NOT indicated about Dr. Nujoma?
(A) She has visited Chile.
(B) She is a talented writer.
(C) She is based out of Namibia.
Daily Register.
170. What does Mr. Ellwood say about Shining
Behind Shadows?
171. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong? ВS
(A) It focuses on scientists from Africa and
Asia.
(B) It was released three years ago.
(C) It details why Dr. Nujoma chose her
career.
(D) It describes various branches of
biotechnology.
"Its focus is not on applying biotechnology
in real-life situations."
(A) [1]
(B) [2]
(C) [3]
(D) [4]
Questions 172-175 refer to the following noticе.
KINGSTON-GARNET ISLAND PASSENGER FERRY SERVICE
General Information
Beginning on 15 May, the Kingston-Garnet Island Passenger Ferry Service will
resume service for eight weeks during the summer season. Ferries run daily every
half hour from 7 a.m. to 8 p.m. The last ferry to Garnet Island will depart at 7:30 p.m.
The last ferry from Garnet Island will leave at 8 p.m.
Bicycles are permitted on the passenger ferries. Bicyclists should arrive 30 minutes
prior to departure and wait in the special bicycle lane to be loaded first. There are
five racks that hold 50 bicycles on every passenger ferry.
No motorized vehicles are permitted on Garnet Island. Overnight parking is allowed
in the main ferry terminal lot in Kingston. Rates are $5 per hour for up to 4 hours and
a flat fee of $25 for four to 24 hours.
Visit our Web site at www.kgferryservice.com for photographs of the ferry boats, a
map of Garnet Island, lists of local attractions on the island, and information about
peak-hour fare increases and group discounts.
172. What is indicated about the ferry service?
(A) It is available only seasonally.
(B) Its boats were recently upgraded.
(C) It takes an hour to reach the island.
(D) It runs more frequently on weekends.
173. What is true about bicyclists on the ferries?
(A) They are last to board the boat.
(B) They must purchase a special ticket.
(C) They cannot travel on the 7:30 P.м. trip.
(D) They should arrive at the terminal early.
174. What is not allowed on Garnet Island?
(A) Renting bicycles
(B) Driving cars
(C) Camping overnight
(D) Taking photographs
175. What is indicated about the ferry tickets?
(A) They can be purchased at stores in
Kingston.
(B) They are less expensive for children.
(C) They vary in price depending on the
time of travel.
(D) They are more expensive if purchased
on the boat.
Questions 176-180 refer to the following receipt and e-mail.
Thank you for shopping at Green Stripe Press.
Order Number: GSP20896
Customer Information: Shoebox Mountain
Jason Ho <jasonho@shoeboxmountain.com>
Order Date: December 14 (PREPAID: online order)
Expected Delivery: December 18-20
Quantity Item # Item Price
CAL201 Complimentary Wild Animals Calendar $ 0.00
7 ARB132 Accounting Record Book ($19.99 each) $139.93
Subtotal: $139.93
Discount: $ 0.00
Tax @ 6%: $ 8.40
Shipping & Handling: $ 0.00
Total: $148.33
There is no charge for shipping and handling for corporate accounts. For questions
regarding this order, please contact customerservice@greenstripepress.com.
To:
From:
Date:
<customerservice@greenstripepress.com>
Jason Ho <jasonho@shoeboxmountain.com>
December 18
Subject: Order #GSP20899
Dear Green Stripe Press,
I am writing regarding my most recent order (#GSP20896), which was delivered today. If
you check my original order, you will see that I ordered six accounting record books. You
sent us seven copies. I'd like to return the one I didn't order and have our corporate credit
card refunded, together with the shipping cost the return will incur. Let me know how you
would like me to proceed.
On a different note, congratulations on the calendar you included in my order! The photos
are even more stunning than those in the Ancient Castles calendar you sent us last year.
Some staff members saw mine and want copies of their own. Would you mind sending two
more our way?
Best,
Jason Ho, Owner
Shoebox Mountain
176. Why was Mr. Ho not charged a shipping
fee?
(A) He took advantage of a promotion.
(B) He made the purchase for his company.
(C) He picked up his order in person.
(D) He overpaid for shipping on a previous
order.
177. What is true about Mr. Ho's order?
(A) It was damaged in transit.
(B) It included fragile items.
(C) It was paid for by check.
(D) It was delivered on time.
178. According to the e-mail, what was Mr. Ho
sent by mistake?
(A) A castle book he did not order
(B) A calendar for last year
(C) An incorrect refund check
(D) An extra accounting book
179. What is one reason Mr. Ho wrote the
e-mail?
(A) To offer praise for an item
(B) To complain about a price
(C) To order some photo albums
(D) To recommend a graphic designer
180. In the e-mail, the phrase "our way" in
paragraph 2, line 4, is closest in meaning to
(A) in our style
(B) to our address
(C) at our expense
(D) for our benefit
Questions 181-185 refer to the following contact form and e-mail.
https://www.hilgravehistoricalcommission.org/contact_us
Contact the Hilgrave Historical Commission
Name:
E-mail:
Roger Witmondt
Comment:
roger@witmondtlocations.com
I work as a movie location scout. At this time, I need to find a location for a client's
short film. The film will be set in the early 1930s, and I understand that Hilgrave has
some interesting architecture from that era.
Could you suggest places I should visit when I am in Hilgrave next month? Specifically,
I am looking for a vacant building with an old-fashioned storefront that has distinctive
details like stripe-patterned awnings and framed display windows. While having easy
access to electricity would be ideal, it is not critical; my client has a generator that can
be used if necessary. My client's aesthetic requirements are the most important
consideration. Thank you for your assistance.
To:
From:
Date:
roger@witmondtlocations.com
brandi_schaertl@hilgravehistoricalcommission.org
28 September
Subject: The information you requested
Attachment: Hilgrave Sites
Dear Mr. Witmondt,
Thank you for reaching out to the Hilgrave Historical Commission. The attached brochure
lists the main areas of historical interest in Hilgrave. Some buildings may not meet all
your requirements, but they might be worth considering.
One building that is not on the attached list is the old record store at 188 Main Street. It
has been closed to business for the past ten years or so, but it seems to meet your criteria.
The owner, Luke Nylund, is currently using it for storage; I would be happy to put you in
touch with him. I doubt you will have trouble getting permission from him to use the
space. While Hilgrave was once a bustling town, these days there are fewer businesses in
operation. Many of the town's residents would appreciate the attention a short film might
bring to the area.
Best regards,
Brandi Schaertl
|A
181. Why is Mr. Witmondt looking for a filming
location in Hilgrave?
(A) It is known for its scenic mountain
views.
(B) It is a short distance from his office.
(C) Its business district has appeared in
other films.
(D) Its buildings represent a particular time
period.
182. On the contact form, the word "critical" in
paragraph 2, line 4, is closest in meaning to
(A) judgmental
(B) essential
(C) sustainable
(D) available
183. What is implied about 188 Main Street?
(A) It was once used as a residence.
(B) It is frequently visited by tourists.
(C) It has several floors.
(D) It has decorative design features.
184. What does Ms. Schaertl offer to do?
(A) Advertise a forthcoming film
(B) Arrange to have a building cleaned
(C) Connect Mr. Witmondt with a building's
owner
(D) Help Mr. Witmondt acquire necessary
permits from the town
185. What does Ms. Schaertl suggest that
Hilgrave needs?
(A) More publicity
(B) Additional parking
(C) A storage facility
(D) A business directory
Questions 186-190 refer to the following e-mails and Web page.
To:
From:
Subject:
Date:
Attachment:
Dear Cornelia,
Cornelia Payne <cpayne@roughwing.co.uk>
Pragya Mehta <pmehta@airsky.in>
Lecture
18 January
Notes
I am sorry for the late notice, but I will not be able to join you for the lecture. My new
position at the university in Mumbai requires me to remain on campus.
Although I know you are fully prepared to deliver the lecture on your own, I have
attached a copy of the notes I had prepared for the presentation. After you review them, let
me know if there is anything else I can add.
I had very much looked forward to traveling to Freeport, The Bahamas, for the first time
and to seeing you again. I certainly miss working with you at the City University.
Good luck with the lecture.
Pragya
To:
From:
Subject:
Date:
Dear Mr. Halton,
Ezra Halton <ehalton@ansonhouse.org>
Cornelia Payne <cpayne@roughwing.co.uk>
Information
20 January
I am pleased to confirm that 19 March works well for the lecture at the Anson House. As I
had mentioned to you over the phone, I will be giving the lecture on my own.
My publisher, Alphagamma Press, will be sending 30 copies of my most recent work,
coauthored with Dr. Pragya Mehta, to your institution. You and I will both receive an
e-mail confirmation from Alphagamma when the books ship. They should arrive at least a
week before the lecture.
I look forward to meeting you soon.
Cornelia Payne
https://www.theansonhouse.bs
Visit Exhibitions Speaker Series Contact Us
Speaker Series
The Anson House
Freeport, The Bahamas
Tickets for lectures are $35 each or may be purchased at a reduced rate of $90
for the series of three. Complimentary refreshments will be served. Reservations
are not required but are recommended.
7 March, 7:00–8:30 P.M., Ms. Janelle Pears
Go behind the scenes of Anson House with historian Janelle Pears, who is a lifelong
resident of Freeport. Ms. Pears describes the daily life of the original residents of
Anson House.
12 March, 7:00–8:30 P.M., Mr. Gregory Li
Our master gardener speaks about the challenges of restoring historic gardens. Hе
has worked in gardens in Charleston, South Carolina, and Paris, France.
19 March, 7:00–8:30 P.M., Dr. Cornelia Payne
Dr. Payne discusses her most recently published book, The Transatlantic World of the
Nineteenth Century, coauthored with Dr. Pragya Mehta. Dr. Payne has taught at the
City University of Stoke-on-Trent in England for nearly 25 years.
186. Why did Dr. Mehta send the e-mail to
Dr. Payne?
(A) To cancel a vacation plan
(B) To request lecture notes
(C) To confirm a meeting
(D) To offer an apology
187. According to the second e-mail, what did
Dr. Payne do?
(A) Arrange a delivery
(B) Give Mr. Halton a gift
(C) Revise her presentation
(D) Announce an address change
188. What is indicated about Alphagamma
Press?
(A) It has headquarters in The Bahamas.
(B) It regularly ships materials to Anson
House.
(C) It published The Transatlantic World of
the Nineteenth Century.
(D) It is paying Dr. Payne's travel and
accommodation expenses.
189. Where were Dr. Mehta and Dr. Payne most
likely colleagues?
190.
(A) In Mumbai
(B) In Freeport
(C) In Stoke-on-Trent
(D) In Charleston
What is indicated about the Speaker Series
in the Web page?
(A) Discounts are unavailable.
(B) Reservations are optional.
(C) Events are held in the morning.
(D) Refreshments are not included.
Questions 191-195 refer to the following advertisement, e-mail, and press release.
CRYN Group: We find the best employees for your company.
Posted:
Position title and codes:
To apply:
Company:
November 25
• Director of Operations, TL0015
• Marketing Director, TL0023
Quality Control Director, TL0027
•Director of Category Management, TL0045
Send your résumé to mdoro@cryngroup.ca.com with
posting number 2098 in the subject line.
Our client plans to chart an aggressive growth path in Latin America, where it plans
to start operations next year. It is a well-established company widely known for
marketing consumer-health products in North America, and more recently in Europе
and Asia.
Qualifications:
Candidates must have a formal business degree and a proven management record in at
least one international setting. Experience with online sales and marketing preferred.
To:
From:
Re:
Date:
Sven Arvidson <sarvidson@barkent.de.com>
Maria Doro <mdoro@cryngroup.ca.com>
Posting number 2098
December 10
Dear Mr. Arvidson,
Thank you for submitting your résumé. I'd like to schedule a preliminary telephone
conversation with you as soon as possible to determine whether you would be a good
choice for our client. I would particularly like to discuss whether you would be prepared
to work at our client's new facility overseas.
Let me know if you are available for a 30-minute phone call sometime between
10:00 A.M. and 2:00 P.M. EST on Monday or Tuesday of next week. Please respond to me
by e-mail at your earliest convenience.
Maria Doro
CRYN Group
For immediate release For further information, contact Julie Dryden at 416-555-0103
Tayerson Ltd. Names New Director
Toronto, April 5-Tayerson Ltd. continues to staff its new international outpost, which
opens one month from today. In this case, the lucky candidate is Sven Arvidson. "Category
Management is a relatively new area-and one that I'm sure I'll enjoy exploring and
developing as director," Mr. Arvidson said. "As a major online marketer of nutritional
supplements, Tayerson is poised to lead the way toward better living while becoming a
more vibrant, more profitable corporation."
Mr. Arvidson has held several key management positions throughout his career, most
recently at Barkent Pharmaceuticals in Germany. He was alsoa partner at MSZ Consulting
Group, where he provided marketing guidance to leading consumer-product companies in
Canada and China.
191. According to the advertisement, what
qualification is not required of applicants?
192.
(A) A degree in business
(B) Previous employment in a managerial
position
(C) Experience working overseas
(D) Online sales and marketing experience
What most likely is the location of the
position for which Mr. Arvidson applied?
(A) Latin America
(B) North America
(C) Europe
(D) Asia
193. What does Ms. Doro ask Mr. Arvidson to
provide in his reply?
(A) Information on his leadership skills
(B) His availability for an interview
(C) A current résumé
(D) The names of two references
194. What job code did Mr. Arvidson most likely
reference in his application?
(A) TL0015
(B) TL0023
(C) TL0027
(D) TL0045
195. According to the press release, what does
Tayerson Ltd. sell?
(A) Medical devices
(B) Accounting software
(C) Nutritional supplements
(D) Exercise equipment
Questions 196-200 refer to the following brochure, e-mail, and schedule.
FGJ's
FGJ's Business Expert Series
Prospect Data Purchasing
45-Minute Webinar
11 May, 2:30 P.м.
Every department in an organisation needs information
to make business decisions. Marketing professionals in
particular rely on accurate data about potential customers
to be successful. In this Webinar, Briana Carrera, chief
financial officer of Pile One Market Data, explains how to
avoid the pitfalls of acquiring incomplete data and provides
tips on what to ask your prospective data provider to ensure
that your next batch of data leads to the results you want.
*E-mail*
To: Sandra Lescure
From:
Date:
Gino Stelleti
12 May
Subject: Subject: FGJ's Webinar
Dear Sandra,
You had asked me to give you a report on the Webinar I attended yesterday about
acquiring data. To be honest, even though the facilitator was clearly knowledgeable, she
did not tell me anything I didn't already know. I was hoping that she would show us the
differences between the many types of databases out there, but she never touched on that
topic. I am not so sure all these Webinars are useful; in the end, they always seem to be
steering us to purchase from one particular company or another-in this case it was Pile
One. Having said that, the new schedule just came out, and there is another Webinar
coming up soon that I am hoping will provide the information I want about how to store
and sort data. I have already signed up for it; I will keep you posted about what I learn.
Gino
Upcoming 45-Minute Webinars in FGJ's Business Expert Series
Basics of Market Research 1 June, 9:30 A.M. Ed Quinones €12.00
Tips for Accelerating Sales 12 June, 9:30 A.M. Cameron Stone €16.00
What is Market Automation? 5 July, 11:00 А.М. Ed Quinones €12.00
Choosing the Right Database 17 July, 2:00 P.м. Selina Tucci €12.00
The Business Expert Series is organised by Tuyet Nguyen. Please address any
questions to her at tnguyen@fgj.org. To access Webinar content, attendance is
required as Webinars are not recorded for later viewing.
196. According to the brochure, who would
benefit most from the Prospect Data
Purchasing Webinar?
(A) A financial analyst
(B) A marketing manager
(C) A customer-service representative (D) An information-technology specialist
197. What was Mr. Stelleti's complaint about the
Webinar?
(A) He did not like the format.
(B) He did not learn anything new.
199. When will Mr. Stelleti most likely attend
another Webinar?
(A) On June 1
(B) On June 12
(C) On July 5
(D) On July 17
200. Acсording to the schedule, what do all of
the Webinars have in common?
(C) He had difficulty hearing everything.
(D) He found the topic to be too complex.
198. What does Mr. Stelleti suggest about
Ms. Carrera?
(A) She recently joined a new company.
(B) She has experience managing
databases.
(C) She had asked him to sign up for the
Webinar.
(D) She tried to sell her company's
services.
(A) They cost the same amount.
(B) They are held in the morning.
(C) They last the same amount of time.
(D) They are recorded for future playback.
