PART 7
Directions: In this part you will read a selection of texts, such as magazine and newspaper articles,
e-mails, and instant messages. Each text or set of texts is followed by several questions. Select the
best answer for each question and mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
Questions 147-148 refer to the following advertisement.
Sedwick Electronics Hiring Event
March 2, 10 A.M.-5 Р.м.
22 Myer Street, Hanover, PA 17331
Sedwick Electronics is opening a new manufacturing facility in Hanover, Pennsylvania,
and we need to fill many positions. We offer a wonderful work environment and great
benefits to our employees.
Come to the event and hear from employees from our Lancaster facility about their
experience, learn about the open positions, and speak with our recruiters. No RSVP
is necessary. Bring copies of your résumé.
147. For whom is the advertisement intended?
(A) Recruiters
(B) Job seekers
(C) Local business owners
(D) Current Sedwick Electronics employees
148. What is stated about Sedwick Electronics?
(A) It is moving its headquarters.
(B) It offers a training program for new
employees
(C) It requires employees to wear uniforms.
(D) It will have more than one location.
Questions 149-150 refer to the following notice.
Aguni Plumbing Supply Returns
Beginning March 1 at all Aguni Plumbing Supply locations, customers
will be able to come to our stores to return purchases made online. For
a complete refund, the return must be made within 30 days of purchase
and must be accompanied by a receipt. In addition, the merchandise
must be returned in the original packaging, and all components must
be included. After 30 days, refunds will be limited to in-store credit only.
Defective items may be exchanged for the same item only.
149. What will happen on March 1?
(A) A shipment will be returned.
(B) A new policy will go into effect.
(C) A promotional sale will take place.
(D) A customer survey will be published.
150.
What is NOT a requirement for a complete
refund?
(A) The return must be made at the original
purchase location.
(B) The return must be made within a
certain time frame.
(C) The item must be returned with all its
components.
(D) The item must be returned in the
original packaging.
Questions 151-152 refer to the following information.
Springfield Community School
Computer Courses
Internet Safety
This course teaches students everything they need to navigate the
Web safely.
Course ID Class Time Instructor Room
249800: 01 Tuesday 5:30-7:30 P.м. Patrick McCann 211
249800: 02 Saturday 1:00–3:00 р.М. Nora Farid 166
Spreadsheet Basics
This course teaches the basics of online spreadsheets. Students will learn
how to create effective charts for calculating and analyzing data clearly
and easily.
Course ID Class Time Instructor Room
225810: 01 Thursday 5:30–8:30 P.M. Remi Sanders 118
| 225810: 02 Sunday 1:00-4:00 р.м. Nora Farid 315
151. Why would people enroll in the course
taught by Ms. Sanders?
(A) To practice designing Web sites
(B) To improve their Internet searches
(C) To get tips on creating spreadsheets
(D) To learn how to advertise on the
Internet
152. What is indicated about Ms. Farid?
(A) She also teaches children.
(B) She is Ms. Sanders' supervisor.
(C) She teaches twice a week.
(D) She used to work as a data analyst.
Questions 153-154 refer to the following text-message chain.
Sally Witham (4:47 P.M.)
Hi Wakiko. I just finished up here at
the Kyoto store. I'll be on the train
that arrives in Tokyo at 11:35 tomorrow
morning. How should I get to your
location?
Wakiko Ohara (4:48 Р.M.)
I'll have an associate pick you up at the
station. How do things look in Kyoto?
Sally Witham (4:49 P.М.)
The Kyoto store is doing a great job.
It has everything that we at the home
office are looking for. Athletic shoes
and sandals are displayed according to
specifications, and sales associates are
friendly and knowledgeable.
Wakiko Ohara (4:51 Р.М.)
You should like things here, too. Do
you want to begin your visit after lunch,
say at 2:00?
Sally Witham (4:52 P.М.)
Sounds good. See you tomorrow.
..ו..1
153. Why did Ms. Witham contact Ms. Ohara?
(A) To review sales figures
(B) To arrange a store visit
(C) To discuss employee performance
reviews
(D) To determine the most convenient train
to take
154. At 4:51 P.M., what does Ms. Ohara most
likely mean when she writes, "You should
like things here, too"?
(A) The Tokyo store is being run according
to corporate policy.
(B) Ms. Witham will find the athletic shoes
she needs.
(C) Ms. Ohara's associate is always
punctual.
(D) The Tokyo store is located next to a
popular restaurant.
Questions 155-157 refer to the following report.
Structure: Blaine River Drawbridge
Main span material: Steel girder
Ageof structure: 30 years
Location: Ridgeline Highway, KM 147
Owner: State Highway Agency
Report completed by: Vivian Tulio
Date: October 17
Notes:
The bridge is overall structurally sound. Inform Department of Transportation about
small cracks in asphalt.
Bridge component Rating Key to ratings
Support elements 4 1 Failed; immediate closure required
Towers 4
Road surface 3
Drainage features 4
2 Deteriorated; may fail soon
3 Shows deterioration but still functions within
acceptable parameters
4 Shows minor wear
5 New condition Safety barriers 5
6 Not applicable
Sidewalk or walkway 6
155. What did Ms. Tulio most likely do?
(A) Make repairs
(B) Hire a contractor
(C) Perform an inspection
(D) Authorize a construction plan
VEB
156. What part of the structure is in most need of
maintenance?
(A) The support elements
(B) The road surface
(C) The drainage features
(D) The safety barriers
157. What is probably true about the Blaine
River Drawbridge?
(A) It was not designed for pedestrian use.
(B) It will be closed for the month of
October.
(C) It does not have the required signage.
(D) It is the oldest bridge on the Ridgeline
Highway.
Questions 158-160 refer to the following article.
Subway Sound to be Upgraded
BOSTON (April 1)-The public address
systems at selected subway stations are
scheduled to be refurbished, the Transit
Authority announced this week. The systems
are used to make announcements to
commuters both on the platforms and in the
stations.
Local commuters welcomed the news,
although for some it was long overdue.
"It can be pretty difficult to understand
the announcements at some of the stations I
use most frequently," said Ian Miller, who
has taken the subway to work nearly every
week for the past eighteen years. "I had
heard the reports about it on TV, and all I can
say is that it is about time!"
Some of the systems currently in use are
more than 30 years old. Worn-out speakers,
wiring, microphones, and amplifiers will be
replaced with new, more reliable devices.
The work should be completed in October
and cost more than $11 million.
Boston's subway system came together
in stages over the course of several years.
The foundational component of the system's
Green Line first opened on Tremont Street in
the late 1890s. It was the first of its kind in
the United States.
158. What is the purpose of the article?
(A) To clarify where subway riders can
locate information
(B) To describe improvements at some
subway stations
(C) To announce the creation of a new
subway line
(D) To explain why subway schedules will
be revised
159. How does Mr. Miller feel about the plans?
(A) He expects the project to fail.
(B) He is concerned about the cost.
(C) He believes the work is unnecessary.
(D) He has been waiting for the changes.
160. The word "stages" in paragraph 5, line 2,
is closest in meaning to
(A) steps
(B) scenes
(C) train cars
(D) platforms

Questions 161-163 refer to the following e-mail.
To: All Staff
From: Selene Hong
Date: March 25
Subject: Reminder
Dear Staff,
I would like to draw your attention to several new procedures regarding business trip
expense reports. - [1] -. Beginning next month, business-related dining receipts must be
accompanied by a listing of each dinner attendee. Also, please make sure that you do not
include receipts for any non-work-related items or activities with your report. - [2]
Finally, note that our accounting software will now automatically calculate for you the
total to be reimbursed. You need only to upload images of your receipts for the software to
do this.
I will be happy to respond to your questions. — [3] —. However, I will be flying to Tokyo
this Friday to meet clients, so I will not be checking e-mail that day. - [4] -
Sincerely,
Selene Hong
Assistant Director, Human Resources Department
Datoric Systems READ
161. What is indicated about Datoric Systems?
(A) It has increased the spending amount
allowed for business dinners.
163. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?
(B) It will adopt new procedures for filing
travel expense reports.
(C) It has office locations in several
countries.
"Following these steps will enable us to
quickly issue your reimbursement
payment."
(D) It plans to hold a company celebration. (A) [1]
(B) [2]
162. Why is the accounting software mentioned? (C) [3]
(A) To highlight a special capability it has (D) [4]
(B) To encourage staff to install it
(C) To help employees log on to it
(D) To point out that it will be replaced
Questions 164-167 refer to the following article.
E-Commerce Opening Doors for
African Fashion Industry
ADDIS ABABA (6 May)-Africa's role as a
consumer of fashion has been on the rise in
recent years. This trend is largely due to the
emergence of e-commerce, which provides
Africans the opportunity to buy clothing
from retailers with no physical presence on
the continent.
Perhaps more importantly, though, the
growth of e-commerce is enabling smallscale African designers to also become
producers of fashion, as they showcase their
collections to consumers worldwide. African
shopping Web sites like Jumjum and Longa
are making the work of African designers
available for purchase not just throughout
the continent, but also as far away as London
and New York. - [1] -
"African designers are finally gaining
visibility," says Mazaa Absher, founder of
Abbi Sportscore, Africa's fastest-growing
athletic footwear company. "We have always
had terrific design and production capacity
here on the continent, but it was hard getting
it out into the world. Now we are generating
more sales online than we are in our stores.'
-[2]-.
Even as Ms. Absher has transformed her
company into an international powerhouse,
she continues to highlight the advantages of
manufacturing its products in her home city
of Nazret. — [3] –. Africa's strong textile
sector and innovative designs combine
tradition and wearability, and this formula is
allowing companies like hers to set their
sights beyond the continent.
"As more cities in Ethiopia-and all
over Africa-improve their manufacturing
capacity, it will become easier to reach the
rest of the world," says Ms. Absher.
14] -.
164. What is the main topic
EMMOREAD
 of the article?
(A) New trends in marketing athletic
footwear
(B) Increased competition in the African
clothing market
(C) Recent growth in the African fashion
industry
(D) The largest clothing companies in
Africa
165. What is indicated about Abbi Sportscore?
(A) It sells its products only online.
(B) It manufactures its shoes in Nazret.
(C) It will be moving its main offices soon.
(D) It was the first shoe company in
Ethiopia.
166. What is suggested about the Jumjum and
Longa Web sites?
(A) They sell only handcrafted goods.
(B) They receive orders from around the
world.
(C) They offer free shipping to London and
New York.
(D) They are planning to open retail stores.
167. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?
"The city boasts four garment factories, with
a fifth scheduled to be built this year in
nearby Wonji."
(A) [1]
(B) [2]
(C) [3]
(D) [4]
Questions 168-171 refer to the following text-message chain.
Gary Park (10:23 A.М.)
I e-mailed you the cover design for our September issue a few minutes ago.
Did you receive it?
Jill Riley (10:26 A.M.)
Yes, but is this the latest version? I thought we agreed that the background
color should be lighter so the article titles are more visible.
Gary Park (10:28 A.М.)
I forgot-sorry about that! I'm just now sending the file with the most recent
version.
Jill Riley (10:30 A.М.)
Opening it now... That's more like it. I'll forward it to Graphics and request
a sample printout.
Jill Riley (10:35 A.М.)
Good morning, Mr. Ojeda. Our new cover design is ready. When do you
think you'll have a chance to work on it?
Frank Ojeda (10:38 A.M.)
Send it to me now. I'll have a print copy ready for your approval after lunch.
168. Where do the people most likely work?
(A) At a bookstore
(B) At a public library
(C) At a television studio
(D) At a magazine publisher
169. Why does Mr. Park apologize?
(A) He sent the wrong file.
(B) He used an old e-mail address.
(C) He missed a project deadline.
(D) He lost an important document.
170. At 10:30 A.M., what does Ms. Riley most
likely mean when she writes, "That's more
like it"?
(A) The budget is more reasonable.
(B) The color looks better.
(C) The story is more interesting.
(D) The schedule is more realistic.
171. What will Mr. Ojeda do by the afternoon?
(A) Approve a marketing plan
(B) Produce a sample
(C) Repair a printer
(D) Make copies of an agreement
Questions 172-175 refer to the following letter.
8 February
Ms. Mala Chelvi
60 Jalan Tun Razak
54200 Kuala Lumpur
Dear Ms. Chelvi,
We are delighted to inform you that you have been nominated as a finalist for the
Small Business Challenge competition this year. Now in its fifth year, this competition is designed to highlight innovative products and services launched by
young entrepreneurs. The Web application that you developed, which provides a
means of matching charitable organizations with volunteers, earned one of the top
scores from our panel of judges.
In the next round of the challenge, you will participate in a live presentation about
your product before a panel of expert judges. The three people with the best
presentations will receive one-time grants of MYR 10,000 each to invest in their
businesses.
Please go to sbc.org/competition and submit an outline of your presentation, a brief
video that clearly illustrates the use of your application, and a passport-sized
photograph of yourself. You will also need to sign a consent form allowing us to use
your name and photo, if needed, in promotional materials on our Web site. The
deadline for submission of these materials is 10 March.
Best regards,
Felix Pang
Felix Pang
Chairperson, Small Business Challenge Committee
172. What is the purpose of the letter?
(A) To seek volunteers for an event
(B) To notify a contest finalist
(C) To sell business consultation services
(D) To offer a small-business loan
173. What does Ms. Chelvi most likely
specialize in?
(A) Law
(B) Technology
(C) Finance
(D) Marketing
174. The word "illustrates" in paragraph 3, line 2,
is closest in meaning to
(A) represents
(B) translates
(C) lightens
(D) decorates
175. What is Ms. Chelvi asked to do by
March 10?
(A) Update a Web page design
(B) Give a presentation
(C) Sign a consent form
(D) Pay a fee
Questions 176-180 refer to the following e-mail and receipt.
To: riedewald@parasur.net.sr
From: client_services@mhf.ca
Date: April 2, 12:21 P.M.
Subject: Your feedback
Dear Mr. Riedewald,
Thank you for filling out the McMann Home Furnishings (MHF) survey. To show our
appreciation, we have added reward points to your account. They can be applied to the
purchase of products offered online as well as those offered in our retail stores. Clearance
items and those priced $15.00 and above may not be purchased using credits.
To use your reward points for an online purchase, select the items you would like to
purchase and then check out. At the bottom of the page, select "Apply credits." The value
of the applied credits will appear on your order receipt asa a special discount.
If you would prefer to use reward points at one of our retail locations, you can do so by
logging in to your account on our Web site. Go to the My Rewards page, and then select
"Print as a coupon." The coupon will have a bar code that can be scanned at the store's
checkout counter.
Sincerely,
Client Services, McMann EMMOREAD Home Furnishings
Online Order #1157
McMann Home Furnishings Store
March 19, 11:31 A.M.
Hand-Painted Picture Frame
Quantity: 1
Price: 10.00
Special Discount: -10.00
Sailboat Ceramic Mug
Quantity: 4
Price: 40.00
Clearance Discount: -20.00
Floral Blanket
Quantity: 1
Price: 25.00
Photo Album
Quantity: 1
Price: 34.00
Seasonal Item Discount: -17.00
Item total: 62.00
Shipping: Free
Total: 62.00
176. According to the e-mail, how did
Mr. Riedewald receive reward points?
(A) He won an online contest.
(B) He participated in a customer survey.
(C) He spent a certain amount of money.
(D) He returned an item.
177. In the e-mail, the phrase "filling out" in
paragraph 1, line 1, is closest in meaning to
(A) emptying
(B) supplying
(C) completing
(D) expanding
178. How can customers apply their reward
points in an MHF retail store?
(A) By entering their account number
(B) By entering their phone number
(C) By scanning a coupon's bar code
(D) By going to the Client Services
Department
179. According to the receipt, what is true about
Mr. Riedewald?
(A) He paid for delivery of the items.
(B) He purchased the items in the evening.
(C) He paid over $70 for all items combined.
(D) He purchased only one item at regular
price.
180. What item did Mr. Riedewald most likely
purchase using reward credits?
(A) The picture frame
(B) The ceramic mug
(C) The floral blanket
(D) The photo album
Questions 181-185 refer to the following letter and order.
4 December
Mr. Albert Morello
17 Peyton Avenue
Kingston 5
Jamaica, W.I.
Dear Mr. Morello:
Two Swan Press
72 Holywell Road, Edinburgh EH8 8PJ
Enclosed please find your royalty payment for Understanding Our Oceans. You should
have recently received an e-mail that listed the sales figures and the royalties due to
you for the print and electronic versions of your book.
We are proud to announce that Two Swan Press was given the Publisher of the Year
Award by the UK Book Industry in October. We thank the authors who have worked
with us since our founding five years ago.
All Two Swan Press authors are entitled to an author discount of 40 percent off any
title on our Web site. Simply use the code AUX1417 for your discount.
If you have any questions at all, please do not hesitate to contact me.
Kind regards,
Sarah Wicklin
Sarah Wicklin
Encl.
AMOREAD
https://www.twoswanpress.co.uk/orderconfirmation
THANK YOU FOR YOUR ORDER!
Special December Offer-free shipping on all orders over £35
Name: Duncan Booth
E-mail: mbooth@silvertech.co.uk
Date of purchase: 12 December
Ship to: Duncan Booth
321 Maslin St.
Coatbridge ML5 ILZ, Scotland, UK
1 Business in Our Lives by Elaine Schuyler £75.00
Discount Applied (AUX1417) -30.00
Balance Due £45.00
Paid by Credit Card ****5732
Items from multiple orders may be combined in the same package. We will notify you
when your order has shipped.
181. What is a purpose of the letter?
(A) To ask Mr. Morello to write a book
(B) To explain an enclosed contract
(C) To notify Mr. Morello of a payment
(D) To describe an updated personnel
policy
182. What was sent in a previous message to
Mr. Morello?
(A) Incorrect contact information
(B) Detailed sales numbers
(C) A list of suggested changes
(D) A link to an electronic book
183. What does Ms. Wicklin mention about Two
Swan Press?
(A) It moved to a new location in October.
(B) It has launched a new program for its
fifth anniversary.
(C) It has won an industry award.
(D) It has decided to focus on scientific
publications.
184. What is suggested about Mr. Booth?
(A) He is a Two Swan Press author.
(B) He wrote Business in Our Lives.
(C) He is an acquaintance of Mr. Morello.
(D) He has purchased items from Two
Swan Press before.
185. What is indicated about the order?
(A) It has been delayed.
(B) It has not yet been paid.
(C) It contains multiple books.
(D) It includes free shipping.
Questions 186-190 refer to the following e-mail, form, and article.
To: All Staff
From: Personnel Department
Date: June 20
Subject: Mentoring Program
Attachment: Application
Employees who have been with Broadside Electronics for less than eighteen months are
invited to apply to participate in a new mentoring program that will match a maximum of
ten junior employees with long-term company veterans. The goal is that junior employees
will sharpen corporate skills, better understand company culture, and develop a more
focused career path. Mentees will be assigned to a mentor based strictly on their work
assignment and professional interests. The pairs will meet at mutually convenient times
throughout the year, from three to five hours per month.
To be considered for participation in this initiative, complete the attached application and
return to Mentoring Program Director Tim Wrigley at t.wrigley@broadsideelec.com by
July 1. Mr. Wrigley will send notification of his selections by July 15.
MENTORING PROGRAM APPLICATION
Name: Cara Drummond
Division: Sales
Professional areas of interest:
Extension: 144
I am most interested in learning about our markets abroad and developing
my sales-presentation abilities for these international markets. I am also
interested in general career guidance.
Best workdays and times for meeting:
Any weekday morning except Monday.
The Broadside Company Newsletter
Mentoring Program Sees Results
Long-time employee and Vice President of Sales Alena Russo was
intrigued when a Personnel Department director approached her
about mentoring a less experienced employee under a program that
began last year. She is glad to have accepted the assignment. "After
working with Ms. Drummond, I am more satisfied with my own
duties, because I know I have helped a professional who is just
getting started. I only wish that I had had someone looking out for
me in my early years," remarked Ms. Russo.
Ms. Drummond explains that she "needed pointers on how to make
better sales pitches." She reports that her sales are up by 20 percent
now. She better understands the opportunities Broadside Electronics
has to offer and what is required to become a manager. "Thanks to
Ms. Russo, I have been able to define my career goals, and I am a
happier person when I arrive to work every day."
New mentorship pairs are now being formed. Interested parties
should contact Tim Wrigley in the Personnel Department.
186. What does the e-mail indicate about the
mentoring program?
(A) It is popular industry-wide.
(B) The number of participants is limited.
(C) It is designed for staff in the sales
division.
(D) Participants must attend an orientation
meeting.
187. How will the junior employees most likely
be selected?
(A) They will be chosen from a
management-training group.
(B) They will undergo competitive
interviews.
(C) They will be evaluated by Mr. Wrigley.
(D) They will be recommended by a local
business school.
188. What is suggested about Ms. Drummond?
(A) She has worked at Broadside
Electronics for less than eighteen
months.
(B) She has just transferred from another
department.
(C) She has received a positive annual
review.
(D) She has made many successful
presentations abroad.
189. What is most likely true about Ms. Russo?
(A) She is planning to retire soon.
(B) She has international sales experience.
(C) She has mentored many junior
employees.
(D) She recently joined the hiring team.
190. What benefit from the mentoring program
have both Ms. Drummond and Ms. Russo
enjoyed?
(A) Increased job satisfaction
(B) Quick promotions
(C) Paycheck bonuses
(D) Clearer career goals
Questions 191-195 refer to the following Web site, online form, and e-mail.
https://www.runklefencing.co.uk
Home Temporary Residential Commercial
Temporary Fencing Service
Need a temporary fence installed at your residence, workplace, or special event? Our
expert team will deliver and install chain-link fencing on the booked date and time.
When the fence is no longer needed, we will take it down and haul it away. Like our
residential and commercial fencing, our temporary fences are obtained from the best
manufacturers using the finest materials. Our fences have a tidy, sturdy, professional
appearance that local residents and businesses appreciate. We also see to all legally
required inspections and certifications.
Ready for a price quote? Contact us today via our Online Quote service. Be sure to
provide the following information so we can provide an accurate estimate:
1. The preferred height of your fence (Be aware that local regulations commonly
allow a maximum height of three metres.)
2. The perimeter of the area you need to enclose
3. The number of gated entrances needed
4. The number of days the fence needs to be up
Name: Marguerite Carhart Phone: (0117) 555-9102
E-mail:
Installation Address: 438 Stretford Way, Bristol BS5 7TB
mcarhart@stockporteventcentre.co.uk
Today's date: 8 August
Fence Details:
I need a temporary three-metre-tall fence installed around the Stockport
Event Centre within the next two weeks. This is to prevent the public from
entering while we make renovations from 18 to 30 August. Two gates are
needed so that workers and vehicles may enter and leave the location.
To:
From:
Date:
Subject:
mcarhart@stockporteventcentre.co.uk
hmontalbo@runklefencing.co.uk
9 August
Quote Number 080817
Attachment: fencequote_mcarhart
Dear Ms. Carhart,
Thank you for your enquiry. Please see the attached estimate for the work you requested.
Note that the price of delivery is included at no further charge unless a rush order-one
providing less than three weeks' notice-is required. This is a rough estimate based on the
information you provided. If you ring us at (0117) 555-2938 and provide us with a missing
detail, I can give you a more accurate quote.
You might also consider including a plastic curtain with your order. This would be
wrapped around and fastened to the fence, hiding the construction site from the view of
pedestrians. If this interests you, we can include it in the revised quote.
Best Regards,
Howard Montalbо
191. What does the Web site indicate about
fences taller than three meters?
192.
(A) They are made of plastic.
(B) They are usually prohibited by law.
(C) They require special transportation.
(D) They must be ordered directly from the
manufacturer.
According to the form, why does
Ms. Carhart need a temporary fence
installed?
(A) To mark a property line
(B) To draw attention to an exhibit
(C) To control a crowd at a special event
(D) To limit public access to a work site
193. What information does Ms. Carhart fail to
give about the fence she needs?
(A) The height of the fence to be erected
(B) The dates when the fence is needed
(C) The perimeter of the area to be
enclosed
(D) The number of entrances needed
194. What is implied about Ms. Carhart's fence
project?
(A) There will be a charge for delivery.
(B) The project involves work at several job
sites.
(C) Extra workers must be hired to install
the fence.
(D) Inspectors must first approve the
project.
195. Why does Mr. Montalbo recommend adding
a curtain?
(A) It would act as a noise barrier.
(B) It would help keep in dust.
(C) It would serve as a visual screen.
(D) It would improve safety conditions.
Questions 196-200 refer to the following e-mail, flyer, and schedule.
To:
From:
Daniel Rodrigues Pereira
Livia Romero
Subject: Company outing
Date: August 5
Hello Daniel,
I hope you are settling in well. I'm sure you have had a busy few weeks. Around this time
of year, the office manager typically begins arranging our annual company outing. I think
we mentioned this during your interview in June. Previously, we have done things like
going to a concert and taking a local river cruise. The outing is always great for morale,
and everyone looks forward to it.
This year, I think it would be a good idea to get tickets to a sporting event. I know that
many staff members are fans of the San Jose Starlings baseball team. It should be an evening game when the team is playing at home. We have a budget of $600.00 this year.
Looking at the ticket prices, it seems that will be just enough to get a ticket for every staff
member.
I'm sure Elise can assist you with this; she has often helped organize the outings. Let me
know if you have any questions.
Best,
Director of Administration, Loftgren Consulting
AAVEDS
Plan your next event with the San Jose Starlings!
Discounted tickets are available for groups of ten or more. The more tickets
you buy, the more you save -perfect for family gatherings, company outings,
or charity fund-raisers! Get perks such as free tickets for the organizer,
discounts on food, and your group's name displayed on the scoreboard.
Group Ticket Pricing
10 tickets $130.00
30 tickets $360.00
50 tickets $550.00
70 tickets $700.00
Contact grouptickets@sanjosestarlings.com or call 408-555-0101 for
more information.
San Jose Starlings
August Schedule
Date Day Time Opposing Team Home or Away
August 13 Sunday 1:05 P.M. Aspen Monarchs Home
August 15 Tuesday 7:05 P.M. Aspen Monarchs Home
August 19 Saturday 1:05 P.M. Philipsburg Pinstripes Away
August 22 Tuesday 7:05 P.M. Philipsburg Pinstripes Away
Purchase tickets online at www.sanjosestarlings.com/tickets.
196. Why did Ms. Romero send the e-mail to
Mr. Rodrigues Pereira?
(A) To tell him about an upcoming budget
cut
(B) To invite him to a concert
(C) To introduce him to his new assistant
(D) To ask him to arrange an event
197. What does the e-mail imply about
Mr. Rodrigues Pereira?
199. How many employees does Loftgren
Consulting most likely have?
(A) 10
(B) 30
(C) 50
(D) 70
200. On what date could Loftgren Consulting
employees attend a game?
(A) August 13
(A) He recently attended a San Jose
Starlings game.
(B) August 15
(C) August 19
(B) He will be leaving in a few weeks to go
on vacation.
(D) August 22
(C) He is a professional party planner.
(D) He recently began working for Loftgren
Consulting.
198. According to the flyer, what is a benefit of
buying tickets as a group?
(A) Reduced ticket prices
(B) Free food
(C) Front-row seating
(D) T-shirts with the team's logo
