PART 6
Directions: Read the texts that follow. A word, phrase, or sentence is missing in parts of each text.
Four answer choices for each question are given below the text. Select the best answer to complete
the text. Then mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
Questions 131-134 refer to the following notice.
Darway City Park Project Updates
Darway City Park management strives to keep allvisitor trails 131. while improvement projects
are underway. Currently, crews are trimming vegetation around directional signs along the park's
Woodmor bike path, so cyclists should ride carefully in this area. Note that- possible, 132.
renovation work is scheduled to take place during off-peak times because fewer people use the
park then. New informational signs that highlight specific features of the surrounding natural
environment will also be installed along sections of the trail. This phase of the project will 133.
be completed next month, and there is expected to be little--- to park users as it progresses. 134.
The city's Department of Parks makes every effort to avoid trail closures and detours during work
projects.
131. (A) open
(B) noticeable
(C) practical
/ER SIT
134. (A) supplement
(B) reduction
(C) implementation
(D) genuine (D) disruption
132. (A) frequently
(B) considering
(C) whenever
(D) moreover
133. (A) They are intended to increase
visitors' enjoyment of the park.
(B) They are designed to
communicate these updated
regulations.
(C) Visitors especially enjoy using the
park café and other amenities.
(D) Planting new trees requires proper
planning and site selection.
Questions 135-138 refer to the following e-mail.
From: McGuckin, Edward
To: All Summer Guests
Sent: Wednesday, May 15, 8:02 A.M.
Subject: Enjoying local beaches
We look forward to your visit to the Grand Hotel at Miracle Beach! The town council has recently
passed an ordinance requiring that beachgoers pay for ---- to the local beaches. We know how 135.
important free beach entry has been for our guests. 16, we have arranged for beach passes 136.
to be available for you-free of charge. All you have to do is ask for the pass when you check in
and return the pass when you check out.
Please be advised that municipal beach-patrol staff members will be walking along the beach
to check for passes such as the ones we are providing. Make sure to get your 137. 138.
pass and avoid the possible penalty.
135. (A) accessing
(B) access
(C) accessory
138. (A) Take all personal belongings with you
when you leave the beach.
(D) accessed
136. (A)
(B)
Nevertheless
Otherwise
(C) However
(D) Therefore
(B) Sadly, having to pay for the beach is a
growing phenomenon nationwide.
(C) A fine will be imposed on anyone who
has not secured passes for local
beaches.
(D) We will also provide beach towels for any
guest who asks for one.
137. (A) regular
(B) regularly
(C) regulate
(D) regulation
Questions 139-142 refer to the following e-mail.
From: Eun-Mi Park
To: All Employees at the New Korea Financial Group (NKFG)
Subject: Workplace Improvements
Date: March 12
As part of our commitment to providing a comfortable environment for our employees,
maintenance work will begin this week with the goal ofindividual work spaces. The work 139.
will proceed in stages. First, new carpeting will be installed tomorrow in each office and cubicle.
To help ensure that this projectsmoothly, please remove all personal items from the floor 140.
in your work area before you leave today. 141. open metal bookcases will be replaced later in
the week with state-of-the-art, high-density plastic bookshelves with sliding doors. We are
confident that these initiatives will improve the appearance of work spaces throughout the
company. Thank you in advance for your understanding and cooperation. 142.
139.
140.
(A) combining
(B) enhancing
(C) cleaning
(D) reassigning
(A) running
(B) runs
(C) ran
(D) to run
141. (A) For example
(B) Normally
(C) Next
(D) In summary
142. (A) We regret any inconvenience these measures
may cause this week.
(B) We are proud of the financial services we
provide to our loyal customers.
(C) The metal bookshelves were installed only five
years ago.
(D) Books are always welcome at local charities.
Questions 143-146 refer to the following article.
The Newly Renovated Clairmont Cinema
By Sara Langly
BRISTOL (12 September)-After six months, the Clairmont Cinema has finally reopened. Since the
owners wereabout their plans, filmgoers were not sure what to expect when the doors 143.
opened last night. The biggest change is that there are now three theatres inside the complex
instead of just one.- On the one hand, filmgoers now have access to more of the 144.
independent films that Clairmont Cinema has long been proud of offering. On the other hand,
these films are showing on very small screens. ,I felt like I was at home watching television. 145.
Still, the multiple offerings are fantastic, as is the new refreshment stand, so I encourage all film
lovers to discover for--- -what the new Clairmont Cinema has to offer. 146.
143. (A) vague
(C)
(B)

flexible
joyful
(D) encouraging
144. (A) This has advantages and disadvantages.
(B) A large number of filmgoers came to the
reopening.
(C) Big changes are often difficult but
necessary.
(D) The owners will likely enjoy significant
profits.
145. (A) Instead
(B) Regardless
(C) In conclusion
(D) In fact
146. (A) them
(B) oneself
(C) themselves
(D) itself
