PART 7
Directions: In this part you will read a selection of texts, such as magazine and newspaper articles,
e-mails, and instant messages. Each text or set of texts is followed by several questions. Select the
best answer for each question and mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
Questions 147-148 refer to the following notice.
Dear Neighbor,
Now that the long, cold winter is just behind us, we would love to invite you to help
us improve the newly established Moon Township Community Garden. The
township committee acquired the land where the community pool used to be located,
and we hope to create on this land an area for families to come and enjoy the green
space in our beautiful town. We will have volunteers on hand during the weekends
for the remainder of the month to assist families with arranging and planting the
flowers, shrubs, and trees of their choice. We hope you participate in decorating our beautiful community garden!
Sincerely,
Moon Township Committee for Green Spaces
147. During which season of the year was the
notice most likely written?
(A) Winter
(B) Spring
(C) Summer
(D) Autumn
148. What are families encouraged to do?
(A) Use a community pool
(B) Purchase flowers
(C) Vote for township committee members
(D) Help to plant a garden
Questions 149-150 refer to the following gift certificate.
Sparkling Creek Coffeehouse & Grill
Gift Certificate
Presented to: Natasha Tucker
Amount: $75
From: Hua Xie
Message: Thank you for your help with my article.
You did a great job editing!
Authorized by: Jenny Lenox
149. Why was Ms. Tucker given a gift certificate?
(A) To acknowledge good work at a
restaurant
(B) To express gratitude for help that was
provided
(C) To authorize a reward
150. Who most likely is Ms. Lenoх?
(A) An employee at a restaurant
(B) A friend of Ms. Tucker's
(C) An editor
(D) Ms. Xie's assistant
(D) To repay a loan REMMOREAD
Questions 151-152 refer to the following checklist.
Welcome E-mail
Warmly welcome new staff to our team
☐ Include dates for training sessions
Include daily training schedule (as attachment)
Provide phone numbers of mentors
Create list of documents to bring
Onboarding
Announce start dates
Include information about social gathering to welcome new hires and allow
them to meet company leaders
☐Contact the Technology Team to create e-mail accounts
Prepare new ID badges and keys
Prepare benefits packages (health insurance and retirement)
Personally meet new hires upon their arrival
151. What is the purpose of the checklist?
(A) To announce a new e-mail system
(B) To prepare for new employees
(C) To assist people who are leaving a
company
(D) To notify trainers of a schedule
152. What is one goal of the social gathering?
(A) To meet managers
(B) To learn about benefits
(C) To receive identification documents
(D) To begin training exercises VEBSP
Questions 153-154 refer to the following text-message chain.
Lucy O'Malley (1:36 Р.M.)
I am at the office, but I can't find the Miller file
anywhere.
Stanley Hamstead (1:37 P.M.)
Did you check in the future projects file cabinet?
Lucy O'Malley (1:39 Р.M.)
No luck. Any other ideas?
Stanley Hamstead (1:40 P.M.)
I bet it is in Charles Wada's office. Check on his
desk and let me know.
Lucy O'Malley (1:47 P.M.)
Got it! How would you like me to get this to you?
Stanley Hamstead (1:48 P.M.)
Would it be too much to ask you to deliver it?
We need the original documents with signatures.
Please get here as soon as you can.
Lucy O'Malley (1:50 P.M.)
Not a problem. I'll take a taxi.
153. At 1:39 P.M., what does Ms. O'Malley most
likely mean when she writes, "No luck"?
(A) She does not support a future project.
(B) She is unsure where a coworker's
office is.
(C) She was unable to find something.
(D) She needs more instruction from
Mr. Wada.
154. What will Ms. O'Malley probably do next?
(A) E-mail some documents
(B) Call a courier service
(C) Deliver some documents herself
(D) Contact Mr. Wada
Questions 155-157 refer to the following notice.
Fetler Airlines Tarmac Delay Contingency Plan
Onboard departure delays are situations we do our best to avoid. On rare occasions,
weather, visibility, airport conditions, or other circumstances cause unavoidable
ground delays. In these cases, if the delay lasts more than 60 minutes, we will provide
complimentary snacks and beverages. If the delay continues for more than two hours
(for domestic flights) or three hours (for international flights), the aircraft will return
to the gate, and passengers can get off the plane. Passengers will receive notifications
at the gate every 30 minutes regarding the status of the delay. These notifications will
include the reasons for the delay and whether further amenities will be available such
as meal or hotel vouchers.
155. What is the purpose of the notice?
(A) To apologize for a flight delay
(B) To list in-flight beverage options
(C) To describe flight safety procedures
(D) To explain an airline policy
156. In what situation will passengers be
provided free refreshments?
(A) If the flight is delayed more than one
hour
(B) If the flight is canceled due to poor
visibility
(C) If the flight is more than two hours long
(D) If the plane temporarily returns to the
157. The word "status" in paragraph 1, line 7, is
closest in meaning to
(A) rank
(B) lateness
(C) condition
(D) supervisor
MOREAD
gate
Questions 158-160 refer to the following article.
MARIGOLD CITY (11 May)-The Marigold
City Council has received a draft of the plans
to build a new sports arena in outer Marigold.
The arena, which will host both sporting
events and concerts, will be built on the site of
the former Marigold Furniture Factory. The
building has remained empty since Marigold
Furniture moved production to another
location over five years ago.
The arena's designers now need to send the
construction plans to the city's planning
commission for acceptance. Building can
begin once the plans, and any revisions, are
accepted. Construction is expected to start
early next year and take approximately two
years.
158. The word "draft" in paragraph 1, line 2, is
closest in meaning to
(A) wind
(B) cost
(C) version
(D) change
160. According to the article, what is the next
step in a process?
159. What will the new structure replace?
(A) An empty lot
(B) A city park
(C) An unused building
(D) A shopping mall
(A) Construction of the new structure will
begin.
(B) Plans will be presented for approval.
(C) The construction company will seek
investors.
(D) Residents will vote on the plan.
Questions 161-163 refer to the following advertisement.
United Kingdom's Top-Selling Paint Just Got Better
More Choices for Jasmine Leaf Paint
Jasmine Leaf Paint has been the number one selling house paint for the last five years in a
row. -[1]-. But being the best seller is not enough for us. - [2] -. That's why we are
bringing you additional ways to make your home more beautiful!
Our specially blended Blendex Formula interior paint and primer are prized for their stain
resistance, excellent coverage, low-odour formula, ease of cleanup, and lifetime guarantee.
In addition, we are now offering our paints in cans of five different sizes. And you can now
get our paints in five beautiful finishes: flat, eggshell, satin, semigloss, and high gloss.
-[3]-.
If you want rich, long-lasting, beautiful walls and ceilings inside your home, ask for Jasmine
Leaf Paint at a quality paint store near you. —[4]-
161. For whom is the advertisement primarily
intended?
(A) LandscapersMEMW
(C) Art students
(D) Homeowners
163. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?
"This all means more convenient options for
you."
162. What is new about Jasmine Leaf Paint?
(A) It is now stain resistant.
(B) It now features a lifetime guarantee.
(C) It is now thicker.
(D) It is now available in more sizes.
(A) [1]
(B) [2]
(C) [3]
(D) [4]
Questions 164-167 refer to the following press release.
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Contact: Lily Kwan, Ikwan@itamitheater.com
SEATTLE (April 10)-Following the recent announcement that Artistic Director
Lucas Freeland has stepped down, the Itami Theater Board of Directors has
appointed Xu Li as the interim artistic director. - [1] -. Ms. Li has been at Itami for
ten years, serving as director of new play development.
Ms. Li has been pivotal in Itami's artistic direction. -[2] -. She will continue to
guide the play selection for next season. "I am honored that the board trusts me to
carry forward the work that the entire team at Itami Theater has established," said
Ms. Li. "I am excited to work with our dedicated staff, everyone from stagehands to
costume designers, to build a thrilling season next year." In addition to overseeing
the development of new plays for the theater, Ms. Li is a director. -[3] -. Later this
season, she will direct Forest Creatures, written by the award-winning playwright May Nunes.
"Ms. Li is a wise choice to serve as Itami's interim artistic director," says Executive
Director John Stojanowski. "Her deep theatrical knowledge will help Itami Theater
continue its artistic endeavors after the departure of Mr. Freeland and during the
search for a permanent artistic director." - [4] -. The board of directors is
committed to taking its time in its search for a permanent artistic director. The board
is pursuing candidates from across the country and expects the hiring process to take
six to nine months.
164. What is suggested about the Itami Theater?
(A) It focuses on new playwrights.
(B) It is searching for a new costume
designer.
(C) It is building a second stage.
(D) It has operated for over ten years.
165. What is indicated about Ms. Li?
(A) She has written many plays.
(B) She is new to Itami Theater.
(C) She performs different roles in her
current job.
(D) She is hiring new actors.
166. What is indicated about the hiring process
for a permanent artistic director?
(A) It should be completed within nine
months.
(B) Interviews will be conducted in six
months.
(C) Only local job candidates will be
considered.
(D) Successful candidates will have
directing experiencе.
167. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?
"She has directed the plays Summer and
Fall and Love and Other Adventures in the
Snow."
(A) [1]
(B) [2] (C) [3]
(D) [4]
Questions 168-171 refer to the following meeting minutes.
Meeting Minutes-August 10
In attendance: Miguel Luna, Jennifer Lin, Amal Taylor, Vladimir Ikram, Nevena
Ivanova
Amal Taylor, the product manager, opened the meeting. She reported that our new
line of herbal teas will be on local store shelves and in restaurants starting
September 25. The initial launch includes three flavors: peppermint, lemon ginger,
and hibiscus flower. More varieties are expected to be added next year.
Next, Miguel Luna shared his prototypes of the tea boxes and discussed the
sustainability of the materials used to produce them. The colorful designs received
positive feedback from meeting attendees.
After that, Jennifer Lin provided a brief overview of the marketing budget for the
product launch. Funds are currently limited to one advertising campaign. For more
detailed information about the marketing budget, contact Ms. Lin directly.
Finally, Vladimir Ikram led a discussion about advertising options. Radio
advertisements have been successful in the past and are cheaper than television.
Digital advertisements were also considered. The final decision was to start with
print advertisements in The Southtown Times.
The next meeting will be on August 17.
168. What does the company intend to do in the
future?
(A) Open a series of tea shops
(B) Expand its product line
(C) Develop beverages other than tea
(D) Replace the current tea varieties
169. Who most likely is Mr. Luna?
(A) A shipping clerk
(B) A factory supervisor
(C) A store owner
(D) A packaging designer
170. Who can provide information about the
marketing budget?
(A) Ms. Lin
(B) Ms. Taylor
(C) Mr. Ikram
(D) Ms. Ivanova
171. Where will the products initially be
advertised?
(A) In a newspaper
(B) In an online magazine
(C) On the radio
(D) On social media
Questions 172-175 refer to the following text-message chain.
Joanne Matos (11:45 A.M.)
Tuyet and Jim, do you know where I can find
that big signboard-the one that we usually post
at the entrance to advertise when we're having a
sale inside?
Tuyet Nguyen (11:58 А.M.)
I haven't seen it lately. Why?
Joanne Matos (11:59 A.M.)
I'm setting up for this afternoon's party under
the tent out in the café courtyard, and I want to
have seating information posted for people as
they arrive.
Tuyet Nguyen (12:01 P.M.)
Jim likely has it. He usually sets things up for
those sales. But I think he's gone for the day.
Jim Thomas (12:02 P.M.)
No, I'm not! I'm out making a delivery right now,
but I'll be back soon. You can find the signboard
in the alcove just inside our building's delivery
entrance. Just put it back when you're done so
that I can find it the next time I need it.
Joanne Matos (12:04 P.M.)
No problem. Thanks!
172. Why did Ms. Matos begin the text-message
chain?
(A) She needs help locating something.
(B) She is wondering what time
Mr. Thomas will arrive.
(C) She wants to know why the tent is up
today.
(D) She wants help putting up decorations.
173. What will happen this afternoon?
(A) There will be an outdoor event.
(B) There will be a sale.
(C) Ms. Nguyen will order a signboard.
(D) Mr. Thomas will deliver an additional
tent.
174. Where is Mr. Thomas most likely texting
from?
(A) The tent
(B) The building entrance
(C) His home
(D) A delivery site
175. At 12:04 р.м., what does Ms. Matos most
likely mean when she writes, "No problem"?
(A) She will probably be finished soon.
(B) She will meet Mr. Thomas at the
entrancе.
(C) She will return an item to its original
location.
(D) She understands Ms. Nguyen's
explanation.
Questions 176-180 refer to the following schedule and review.
Central Art Museum
Upcoming Special Exhibits
Worldwide Fashion
November 1-28
Discover how clothing and accessories have changed throughout time in various parts of
the world. See clothing samples, historical items, and sketches.
Jeffrey Lamb: Naturalist
December 1-29
Scientist Jeffrey Lamb spent his life studying and taking pictures of wildlife on six continents.
See photos of animals and landscapes from the researcher's personal collection, taken
during his forty-year career.
Humans in Art
January 1-29
This collection of paintings and sculptures from dozens of artists, past and present, shows
us the many ways artists can depict a human subject. Works from both famous and
relatively unknown artists are included here.
Everyday Art
February 1-26
A variety of handmade items are on display in this exhibit showing art in everyday life. From
handmade quilts to furniture, see these household items in a whole new way.
Review of Central Art Museum
Reviewer: Mary Walsh
Stars: ★★★★* VED CITC
I recommend the Central Art Museum to anyone interested in not only art but history
as well. I've made two trips to the museum recently. My first trip was with my school's
photography club. We only saw the special exhibit featuring photography, but I left wanting to see the rest of the museum. I returned a few days later and had the chance
to walk through the entire museum. Each exhibit was different but full of interesting
pieces. Be sure to stop at the interactive room near the gift shop for a hands-on
experience. During my first trip, the room had cameras with fun backgrounds. Visitors
took pictures of themselves, and for a small fee, I got a printout of myself as if I were
holding a flag on the moon! Like the special exhibits, the activities at the interactive
room change every month, so you will always find something new and interesting to do.
176. According to the schedule, what would a
visitor most likely see at the first special
exhibit?
(A) Shoes
(B) Furniture
(C) Radios
(D) Paintings
177. What is indicated about the special exhibit
in February?
(A) It includes mostly paintings done by
local artists.
(B) It will end before the other exhibits
listed on the Web site.
(C) Visitors may see items similar to those
that they have in their homes.
(D) It has returned to the museum after a
popular earlier appearance.
178. Why did Ms. Walsh go to the museum a
second time?
(A) She wanted to take more photographs.
(B) She wanted to see more of the
museum.
(C) She accidentally left an item at the
museum.
(D) She got a discount on a ticket.
179. What does Ms. Walsh recommend that
readers do?
(A) Take a guided tour of the museum
(B) Call the museum for more information
(C) Buy something at the museum gift shop
(D) Participate in an activity at the museum
180. What exhibit did Ms. Walsh visit on the first
trip to the museum?
(A) Worldwide Fashion
(B) Jeffrey Lamb: Naturalist
(C) Humans in Art
(D) Everyday Art
MOREAD
Questions 181-185 refer to the following product information and form.
Home Improvement Supply - Materials Overview
Countertops Cabinets Flooring
Ceramic tile Golden oak Hardwood
Stainless steel Dark redwood Vinyl
Marble - premium Black walnut Stone
Granite - premium Synthetic laminate Concrete
See the product catalog for the complete range of styles and colors. Contact a
sales representative for pricing. Order delivery is usually 7—10 business days.
Note: Black walnut cabinets and hardwood flooring are local products fabricated
by small regional manufacturers. Please allow a minimum of three weeks to
fulfill orders.
AAC
Client Name:
Modern Styles
Your Remodeling Experts
Client Intake Form
Theresa Dellman
Desired completion date: April 21
Phone: 555-0130
Project description: Commercial Residential ☑
Client wants a complete remodel within three weeks, including new countertops,
cabinets, flooring, and appliances (refrigerator, dishwasher, stove, oven).
Client preferences:
Countertops: black granite
Cabinets: Client kept samples and will let me know by the April 3 deadline
for ordering.
Flooring: Client will let me know by April 3.
Notes:
Ten percent off coupon to be applied to materials purchase. Not valid on
premium materials.
Project contract and deposit were received on April 1.
181. According to the product information, where
can customers see examples of all
products?
(A) On a Web site
(B) In a product catalog
(C) In a store
(D) In a newspaper advertisement
182. Who most likely completed the form?
(A) An appliance repair person
(B) A restaurant chef
(C) A design store representative
(D) A cooking instructor
183. According to the form, what does the client
need to provide?
(A) A signature on the contract
(B) Approval for work to begin
(C) Proof of homeowner's insurance
(D) Decisions on two types of materials
184. What material will probably NOT be used to
make the cabinets for the project?
(A) Golden oak
(B) Dark redwood
(C) Black walnut
(D) Synthetic laminate
185. What is indicated about the marble and
granite?
(A) They are not eligible for a discount
offer.
(B) They are no longer being
manufactured.
(C) They are produced in limited colors.
(D) They are very popular with customers.
Questions 186-190 refer to the following article, Web page, and review.
Alexandria's Restaurant Showcase
June 5-Alexandria's Restaurant Showcase is back! From July 8 to July 25, participating
restaurants in the Alexandria area will offer set menus at discounted prices. As in past
years, restaurants can offer a two-course lunch menu for $15, a two-course dinner menu
for $20, or a three-course dinner menu for $30. Both customers and restaurant owners love
the showcase. Food enthusiasts try new options at a lower cost, and restaurants report it's
the time of year when dining areas are at their fullest.
Alexandria had its first restaurant showcase 15 years ago. It was modeled on a similar
showcase in the beach town of Willmar. Originally, only eight restaurants participated.
Since then, the showcase has grown, adding more restaurants and extending the number of
days each year. This year, there will be 40 participating restaurants-about 70 percent of
all the restaurants in Alexandria. Those looking to book a table should act fast. Some
restaurants require reservations, and the most popular places book up quickly. To see the
list of participating restaurants and make a reservation, visit
www.alexandriarestaurants.com/showcase.
https://www.alexandriarestaurants.com/showcase/reservations
Showing search results for: Center City Neighborhood
Claire's
French food
Serving lunch and 3-course dinner
Open Tuesday-Sunday
Call (703) 555-0102 to make a reservation.
Freth Seafood Fith Gril SIT
Serving lunch and 3-course dinner
Open Monday-Sunday
Call (703) 555-0195 to make a reservation.
Jin-Yi's House
Korean food
Serving 2-course dinner
Open Wednesday-Saturday
Call (703) 555-0198 to make a reservation.
Roberto's Pizzeria
Italian food
Serving lunch only
Open Tuesday-Sunday
No reservations necessary
https://www.foodreviews.com/alexandria/freshfishgrill
Nori Sato
I highly recommend Fresh Fish Grill. It was my first time eating there,
and not only was the food excellent, but the staff was welcoming and
efficient. I had some clients in town and was lucky enough to get a
reservation on the last day of the restaurant showcase. We all really
enjoyed the experience. I would gladly take clients there again.
186. What does the article mention about
Alexandria's Restaurant Showcase?
189. How much does it cost to eat at Roberto's
Pizzeria during Alexandria's Restaurant
Showcase? (A) Every restaurant in Alexandria
participates. (A) $8
(B) Restaurants are open seven days a
week.
(B) $15
(C) $20
(C) It is the busiest time of year for
restaurants.
(D) $30
(D) Restaurants are open only for dinner.
187. What is indicated about Alexandria's first
Restaurant Showcase?
(A) It took place eight years ago.
(B) It had 40 participating restaurants.
(C) It took place before a similar showcase
began in Willmar.
(D) It had a shorter duration than this year's
restaurant showcase.
188. What is true of all the restaurants on the
Web page?
(A) They are open on Mondays.
(B) They serve the same type of food.
(C) They require a reservation.
(D) They are in the same neighborhood.
190. What is suggested about Ms. Sato?
(A) She went to Fresh Fish Grill on July 25.
(B) She went to Fresh Fish Grill with her
family.
(C) She has dined at the Fresh Fish Grill
many times.
(D) She knows the owner of Fresh Fish
Grill.
Questions 191-195 refer to the following job advertisement and e-mails.
Student Activities Coordinator
Rollervy University
Maynard, MA 01754
Responsibilities:
• Promotes involvement in campus extracurricular activities such
as student government, arts, theater, cultural organizations,
volunteer groups, and athletic club teams
• Updates the Rollervy University student activities Web site and
manages all social media
• Coordinates student outings to local sporting and cultural events
in the Boston metropolitan area
•Addresses inquiries by answering phones, responding to e-mails,
and greeting walk-in visitors
To apply, write your cover letter in an e-mail, attach your résumé,
and send it to the Human Resources Manager, at jobs@rollervy.edu.
Please address the following:
• What relevant job experience do you have?
• Why do you believe you are a good fit for the position?
• What are your professional strengths?
• In which areas could you improve?
Jobs <jobs@rollervy.edu>
Samantha Bradbury <sambradbury25@rapidonet.com>
September 10
To:
From:
Date:
Subject: Student Activities Coordinator
Attachment: Résumé
To Whom It May Concern,
Rollervy University is looking for someone to coordinate activities, promote student
engagement, and provide professional customer service. I did all three during my tenure as
the Campus Recreation Manager at Parvaton College.
At Parvaton, I increased participation in student activities by 37 percent. I also created a
running club and planned excursions off campus. I placed a great emphasis on
volunteering, including a project to pair college tutors with local high school students who
needed help with classwork.
Overall, I believe I'm an excellent fit for the available position. I am punctual, detail
oriented, and committed to increasing students' connection to their academic institution. I
look forward to hearing back about a potential interview.
Sincerely,
Samantha Bradbury
To:
From:
*E-mail*
Samantha Bradbury <sambradbury25@rapidonet.com>
Lisa Cooper <jobs@rollervy.edu>
Date: October 2
Subject: Interview
Dear Samantha,
I am writing to check on your availability to interview for the Student Activities
Coordinator position. Your preliminary interview would be conducted virtually. If
selected for the next round, your second interview would be in person at the Rollervy
University main campus. If you are still interested, please respond and let me know if
you are free at 9 A.M. on either October 8 or October 9.
Kind regards,
Lisa Cooper
191. According to the job advertisement, what is
one responsibility of the Student Activities
Coordinator?
(A) Help students with difficult assignments
(B) Inform students about local events
(C) Train students to give presentations
(D) Lead workshops about Web site
development
194. What does the second e-mail indicate about
the hiring process?
(A) Every applicant must fill in a form
online.
(B) Applicants should submit two reference
letters.
(C) Some applicants will have an in-person
interview.
(D) Applicants with four-year degrees are
preferred.
195. Who most likely is Ms. Cooper?
192. According to the first e-mail, what is one
way that Ms. Bradbury promoted student
engagement?
(A) She volunteered at a local recreation
center.
(B) She participated in several cultural
excursions.
(C) She recruited high school students to
be tutors.
(A) The Human Resources Manager
(B) An office assistant
(C) A university admissions counselor
(D) The Student Activities Coordinator
(D) She started a sports group.
193. What information did Ms. Bradbury leave
out of her cover letter?
(A) Her relevant job experience
(B) Her interest in the position
(C) Her professional strengths
(D) Her areas for improvement
Questions 196-200 refer to the following e-mail, meeting agenda, and policy.
To: Celeste O'Brien
From: Monica Cheung
Date: October 15
Subject: Mobile phone reimbursement policy
Dear Ms. O'Brien,
As the Assistant Director of Accounting, I am writing about the policy regarding
mobile phone expenses. Many Ferd Data Services employees use their personal
mobile phones for business calls. To get reimbursed, they must submit a form every
month. Ferd then pays up to 30 percent of the phone bill. My department confirms
each employee's calculations and then schedules payments that vary every month.
Some companies have moved to a flat-rate model, whereby all employees who
qualify receive a fixed amount each month (e.g., $20). No staff time is required for
monthly processing; the allowance is automatically included in each paycheck.
1 hope that, as head of Human Resources, you will consider adopting a policy like this.
Sincerely,
Ferd Data Services
MEETING AGENDA
Location: Online
Date: October 24
Time: 3:00 P.M.
Host: Celeste O'Brien, Vice President, Human Resources
Attendees: Human Resources Managers; Finance Managers; Department Heads
OBJECTIVES:
1. Consider issues with the current mobile phone reimbursement program
2. Review other options along with advantages and disadvantages
3. Select a new reimbursement model, if appropriate
OPTIONS:
1. Continue to reimburse employees for up to 30 percent of their business mobile phone use
2. Provide a flat monthly amount to employees who qualify; employees with high costs can
submit requests for additional compensation
3. Provide qualified employees with mobile phones for business use
Ferd Data Services Employee Policies
Mobile Phone Reimbursement Policy
Revised October 30
Employees who work remotely and/or travel for business purposes should be
reimbursed for business use of mobile phones. Three options are available:
Employees who qualify will receive a mobile phone allowance of $20 per month,
regardless of actual expenses. To enroll in the program, employees must submit
a Mobile Phone Allowance form with their supervisor's signature.The $20
allowance will be applied to each month's paycheck.
Employees with large charges may submit actual expenses to receive additional
reimbursement.
Managers and executives may opt for a company mobile phone, which is for
business use only.
196. What is the purpose of the e-mail?
(A) To describe patterns of employee
behavior
(B) To suggest updates to certain
technology
(C) To consider replacing a vendor
(D) To request a revision to a
reimbursement policy
197. According to the e-mail, who is
Ms. Cheung?
(A) A telemarketer
(B) A member of the accounting team
(C) A human resources specialist
(D) An electronics engineer
199. According to the policy, who qualifies to
receive a company mobile phone?
198. What did Ms. O'Brien do after receiving
Ms. Cheung's e-mail?
(A) Ferd Data Services managers and
executives only
(B) All Ferd Data Services employees who
work from home
(C) Employees who travel for business
purposes
(D) Employees who submit a monthly form
200. What best describes the result of the
meeting on October 24?
(A) She invited Ms. Cheung to a meeting.
(B) She rejected Ms. Cheung's suggestion
but proposed alternatives.
(C) She collaborated with other company
leaders to address an issue.
(D) She transferred to a different
department.
(A) Attendees agreed to continue following
the original procedures.
(B) Attendees decided to collect more
information before making a decision.
(C) Attendees decided to adopt some of
the options discussed.
(D) Attendees completed a survey about
mobile phone use.
