PART 7
Directions: In this part you will read a selection of texts, such as magazine and newspaper articles,
e-mails, and instant messages. Each text or set of texts is followed by several questions. Select the
best answer for each question and mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
Questions 147-148 refer to the following e-mail.
To: Jeanne Vasseur
From: Milo Bailey
Date: 4 February
Subject: Information
Dear Jeanne,
I think we made the right decision in hiring Carol. She has some excellent ideas about
design and content for our Web site. The new site she created will help us attract new
clients and help our current clients get the information they need.
In addition to the minor changes you suggested earlier, we could have a blog on the Web
site to post accounting tips and share some anecdotes. We need to sit down with Carol to
share our thoughts. Her schedule is open tomorrow morning-will you be free?
Sincerely,
Milo
148. What does Mr. Bailey want to do? VEB 147. Why did Mr. Bailey send the e-mail to
Ms. Vasseur?
(A) To inquire about a product
(B) To explain a new process to her
(C) To discuss changes to a Web site
(D) To ask her to contact a new client
(A) Review a schedule
(B) Hire additional staff
(C) Open a new account
(D) Meet with a new employee
Questions 149-150 refer to the tollowing receipt.
Green's Athletic Shoes
18502 Oriole Avenue
Chicago, IL 60800
(312) 555-0132
August 5, 11:27 A.M.
Receipt number: 5926
Lunarwave running shoes
Style: Fleetfoot, men's size 10 $119.00
Suresocks cotton running socks
men's size large $4.99
Coolbreeze T-shirt
men's size medium
Regularly $14.00, now 15% off $11.90
Subtotal $135.89
Sales tax (6.25%) $8.49
Total $144.38
Thank you for shopping at Green's Athletic Shoes!
Please fill out a customer survey at www.greensathletic.com.
All returns must be made within 30 days.
A receipt is required to make a return.
149. What is indicated about the T-shirt?
(A) It was made by Lunarwave.
(B) It is a size large.
(C) It is made of cotton.
(D) It was sold at a discounted price.
150. What must a customer do to return an
item?
(A) Complete an online form
(B) Bring the item back within six months
(C) Show an original store receipt
(D) Mail the item to the manufacturer
Questions 151-152 refer to the following text-message chain.
Monica Blanco (10:43 А.М.)
Hi, Carrie. Are you working this Friday? I'm
working a half shift, and I was wondering if you
could cover it. My brother's birthday party is that
day.
Carrie Morgan (11:25 А.M.)
I'm working a half shift too. What time are you
scheduled?
Monica Blanco (11:37 A.M.)
8 A.M. to noon.
Carrie Morgan (11:39 A.M.)
I might be able to. I could do a full day, actually.
I'm scheduled after you.
Monica Blanco (11:40 A.M.)
OK.
Carrie Morgan (11:41 А.M.)
I'm at work right now. When I see Mr. Cho, I'll ask
him if it is OK to do your shift as well as mine.
Monica Blanco (11:50 A.M.)
Thank you! I appreciate it.
151. At 11:39 A.M., what does Ms. Morgan mean
when she writes, "I might be able to"?
(A) She could help organize a weekend
event.
(B) She could work Ms. Blanco's hours on
Friday.
(C) She could pick up some food for a
party.
(D) She could meet with Ms. Blanco during
her break.
152. Who most likely is Mr. Cho?
(A) A temporary worker
(B) A party planner
(C) A supervisor
(D) A friend of Ms. Blanco's
Questions 153-154 refer to the following memo.
MEMO
To: All Avisomark Employees
From: Eugenia Bajorek, Assistant Communications Director
Date: January 30
Re: Our company newsletter
As part of a company-wide effort to reduce waste, we will be discontinuing
the print version of our weekly company newsletter, effective March 1.
From that date forward, the newsletter will be published in its online
format only. In addition, beginning in March, the submission deadline for
the Employee News section of the newsletter will be changed from the
third Friday of each month to the second Friday of each month. This
change will give Markus Quimby the time he needs to process and edit
submissions. The submission process remains the same: simply e-mail
Markus directly at mquimby@avisomark.com.
153. Why was the memo written?
(A) To announce a recent decision
(B) To introduce a new staff member
(C) To describe a volunteer opportunity
(D) To invite feedback on a new practice
154. According to the memo, why would
employees e-mail Mr. Quimby?
(A) To update their personal information
(B) To request a copy of a newsletter
(C) To express their opinion on the
newsletter format
(D) To send in their latest news

Questions 155-157 refer to the following article.
Driverless Buses in Swansea?
SWANSEA (12 May)-A consortium of city
government officials and local business
leaders is considering the purchase of
driverless buses for some city routes.
Commissioned with exploring options to
improve transportation in Swansea and
surrounding areas, the group recently sent
three members to Malaga, Spain, where
driverless buses run an eight-kilometre loop
several times a day.
Consortium member Gareth Elias was
impressed by what he learned. Despite
concerns about safety and traffic regulations,
Mr. Elias could see driverless buses
becoming a reality before long, but only in
specific cases. "I believe they would be
particularly useful during festivals and
special events," he said. "I can't imagine
them being on the roads every day."
Anisha Deepak, an engineer specialising
in transportation innovation, served as a
technical consultant on the trip. She was
struck by the complexity of the buses
artificial intelligence system, which allows
them to learn as they collect data on every
trip.
"Artificial intelligence makes these
buses very safe in real-world situations," she
said. "Nevertheless, it's best to have a
human operator on board at all times in case
of emergencies."
A public community forum is scheduled
for 2 June to discuss the benefits and
drawbacks of driverless buses. Visit the
Swansea Town Council's Web site at
www.swanseatowncouncil.gov.uk to learn
more.
155. What is the purpose of the article?
(A) To explain how a new technology works
(B) To report on a group's recent activities
(C) To recruit participants for a travel forum
(D) To announce changes to a bus
schedule
156. What opinion does Mr. Elias express about
driverless buses?
(A) They are not safe under any
circumstances.
157. What is indicated about Ms. Deepak?
(A) She was recently elected to the
Swansea Town Council.
(B) She collected data for a computer
system.
(C) She took notes during an emergency
meeting.
(D) She traveled to Malaga as a consultant.
(B) Traffic regulations must be revised to
accommodate them.
(C) They are practical for limited purposes.
(D) They are appropriate for Malaga but not
for Swansea.
Questions 158-161 refer to the following job posting.
Morves Laboratories of Seoul is seeking an associate research scientist who will work
collaboratively with a team of other scientists within the Research and Development
Division.
Morves Laboratories has more than 85,000 employees in offices and laboratories in
Asia, Europe, and North America who are involved in developing, manufacturing,
and selling cutting-edge medicines. The Research and Development Division is
responsible for achieving the company's primary goal of creating new and effective
medications for worldwide use.
Primary Job Functions:
• Design and conduct laboratory experiments
• Perform rigorous data analysis
• Collaborate to write detailed reports
• Present research findings internally and externally to clients at specific meetings
Position Requirements:
A master's degree in biology
At least five years of laboratory experience
• Excellent oral and written communication skills
To apply, submit a résumé and cover letter to www.morveslaboratories.co.kr/careers
by November 10.
158. What does the job posting indicate about
Morves Laboratories?
(A) It offers excellent employee benefits.
(B) Its workforce is primarily based in
Europe.
(C) Its main purpose is to develop new
medicines.
(D) It partners with another company for
product distribution.
159. What is one responsibility of the position?
(A) Analyzing information from experiments
(B) Designing safe packaging materials
(C) Operating manufacturing equipment
(D) Responding to patient inquiries
160. According to the job posting, what should
an applicant possess?
 (A) Knowledge of medical regulations
(B) Expertise in editing medical journals
(C) A background in teaching biology
(D) Experience working in a laboratory
161. How should someone apply for the
position?
(A) By visiting the company's offices
(B) By submitting a résumé online
(C) By calling a recruiting professional
(D) By e-mailing a current employee
Questions 162-164 refer to the following e-mail.
E-Mail Message
To: team@rosettipasta.com.au
From: valentina_rosetti@rosettipasta.com.au
Date: 20 August
Subject: Update
Dear Team,
The past several years have been fast-paced. — [1] –. Five years ago, when I began
selling my homemade pasta, I never expected to need a space larger than the kitchen in
my own house. How things have changed! This week, the business won a contract to
supply a regional food distributor here in Eastern Australia.
This achievement certainly would not have been possible without you. - [2] -. You
have all worked hard to keep pace with such tremendous growth, and it was not always
easy. To show my appreciation, I have decided that each of you will receive a bonus. -[3]-
With our solid team and our streamlined production process, I am optimistic that we
will see our product placed on even more supermarket shelves soon. -[4]-. The
future looks bright.
Sincerely,
Valentina Rosetti
Chief Executive Officer, Rosetti Pasta Company Ltd.
162. Why did Ms. Rosetti send the e-mail?
(A) To thank employees
(B) To present a business plan
(C)
(D)

 To
To

announce
request assistance
 a postponement
 with a project
VEB
163. What does Ms. Rosetti express confidence
about?
(A) The development of a new product line
(B) The potential for more company growth
(C) The success of an advertising campaign
(D) The possibility of replacing old
machinery
164. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?
"It will appear in your accounts on Friday."
(A) [1]
(B) [2]
(C) [3]
(D) [4]
Questions 165-167 refer to the following e-mail.
To: Sid Shepard
From: Corporate Security
Date: July 2
Subject: Your ID badge
Dear Mr. Shepard:
We received your request this morning for assistance in acquiring a new physical
identification badge. As your current badge was misplaced, it has been deactivated. To
receive a replacement, visit the corporate security office in Paulsen Hall between 7 a.m.
and 5:30 p.m. You will be required to show a form of government-issued identification.
In the meantime, you can take advantage of a new corporate initiative. The company app
installed on all employees' mobile devices now includes a digital identification card that
can be used to gain entry to the corporate parking garage and campus buildings. To access
the digital ID card in the app, look for the "ID Card" tab. You can then scan your digital
ID to enter all secure areas.
If you have questions or need additional help, please call corporate security at 863-555-0171.
Thank yo,
Hopper Technology Corporate Security
165. What is the purpose of the e-mail?
(A) To respond to a request for help
(B) To promote the sale of a new product
(C) To alert authorities to a security
problem
(D) To announce a new company policy
166. What is suggested about Mr. Shepard?
(A) He first contacted corporate security
two days ago.
(B) He does not use the corporate parking
garage.
(C) He does not know where Paulsen Hall
is located.
(D) He has the company app installed on
his mobile device.
167. The word "gain" in paragraph 2, line 3, is
closest in meaning to
(A) win
(B) obtain
(C) collect
(D) increase
Questions 168-171 refer to the following online chat discussion.
Margo Basset [9:16 A.M.] Hi, All.Where are we with the schedule for the weekly New Assets
lunch series for our new hires?
Stephan Ruess [9:18 A.M.] We've finalized the session topics. I believe we have confirmed
one speaker.
Alban Mithat [9:20 A.M.]That is correct. Salima Abubakar from our north suburban office
agreed to take on the first session of the series.
Margo Basset [9:24 A.M.] Fantastic. Is she able to present on June 10 as we planned?
Alban Mithat [9:26 A.M.] She is, and she suggested thata panel discussion might be more
engaging for her topic, renewable resources. She will moderate the discussion. I've e-mailed
the three employees she suggested as panelists.
Margo Basset [9:27 A.M.] That sounds good. And the other sessions?
Stephan Ruess [9:28 A.M.] So, the topics for the other six sessions will be cryptocurrencies,
commodities, investments, start-ups, real estate, and virtual interfaces. I hope to have
speakers for those sessions lined up by the end of this week.
Margo Basset [9:31 A.M.] And they'llall be held at the midtown office.
Stephan Ruess [9:32 A.M.] Correct. Four of our seven new hires are permanently assigned to
the midtown office.The other new hires willbe there on session days for required training.
168. What is suggested about the New Assets
lunch session on June 10?
(A) It will be led by Ms. Abubakar.
(B) It will be introduced by Mr. Mithat.
(C) It will feature Ms. Basset.
(D) It will include information about
cryptocurrencies.
169. At 9:27 A.M., what does Ms. Basset mean
when she writes, "That sounds good"?
(A) She is eager to attend the New Assets
lunch series.
(B) She approves of Ms. Abubakar's idea.
(C) She is pleased with all the session
topics.
(D) She looks forward to meeting the
recently hired employees.
170. How many sessions still need speakers?
(A) One
(B) Three
(C) Four
(D) Six
171. What is true about the New Assets lunch
series?
(A) It is the main component of employee
training. (B) It will be held in the same location
every week.
(C) It will consist exclusively of panel
discussions.
(D) It will include presenters from outside
the company.
Questions 172-175 refer to the following article.
Research Findings Presented
GALWAY (1 July)-Eva Urban and her
research team at the Ireland Agronomy
Association presented their findings to the
Galway Department of Transportation on
Thursday. During their three-year study, the
team was tasked with researching ways to
improve the success of tree and shrub
plantings along roadways. -[1] -
"The ground next to newly paved roads
is often compacted by heavy machinery
associated with construction," Ms. Urban
said. "As a result, the soil can't absorb water
or nutrients well, which makes it difficult for
new growth to establish itself. - [2]-. My
team set up different experimental plots
alongside highways and tried various
combinations of planting, tilling, and
amending soils to determine what worked."
The final results of the governmentsponsored research project were compiled
into a 50-page handbook. Although the
handbook was written specifically for the
Galway Department of Transportation, its
recommendations can be applied by
municipal agencies throughout the country.
-[3]-
"Each chapter explores one of the ten
best practices identified by the team," said
Ms. Urban. "These basic techniques are
relevant regardless of where they are
implemented. The only site-specific variable
is plant selection, as that will depend upon
the particular geographic region.
Another point conveyed by the study is
that successful plant establishment requires
an integrated approach. — [4] -. Improving
roadside planting requires a thorough
assessment of a site's existing conditions as
well as a wide variety of management
practices to address the specific issues
involved.
WEBSITЕ
172. What is the subject of the research
discussed in the article?
(A) Keeping vegetation alive along
roadways
(B) Preventing damage to highway
surfaces
(C) Advocating for the use of native plants
(D) Improving roadside visibility for drivers
173. Why does Ms. Urban mention heavy
machinery?
(A) To explain why plants may grow poorly
in some soil
(B) To argue that roads can be built more
efficiently
(C) To suggest that road maintenance
crews should be careful with young
plants
(D) To describe equipment used by her
research team
174. In the article, what is indicated about a
handbook?
(A) It is only ten pages long.
(B) It will be distributed to the public.
(C) It was the subject of a local dispute.
(D) It is appropriate for use in other parts of
the country.
175. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?
"In other words, one action is not enough."
(A) [1]
(B) [2]
(C) [3]
(D) [4]
WEBSITЕ
Questions 176-180 refer to the following invoice and article.
Dawn Sky Catering
525 Horseshoe Lane
Gardendale, PA 19061
Invoice date: December 6 Invoice number: 5688
Customer name Maureen Shibata
Company Gardendale Neighborhood Association (GNA)
Address 4069 Strother Street, Gardendale, PA 19061
Phone number 484-555-0152 E-mail mshibata@gardendalena.org
Event date December 15 Balance due date December 13
Description Quantity Price
Platter of assorted raw vegetables with dips 5 $125.00
Grilled chicken skewers (tray) 5 $150.00
Quiche tarts (tray) 5 $175.00
Small chocolate cakes (custom decorated) 50 $250.00
SUBTOTAL $700.00
Deposit (received November 25)
BALANCE DUE
-$200.00
$500.00
Comments or special instructions:
See November 30 e-mail from Ms. Shibata about cake design. This will be for the
GNA's annual reception.
GARDENDALE (December 20)-The
Gardendale Neighborhood Association
(GNA) honored Mayor Karla Fugate at its
annual reception last Saturday. Mayor
Fugate had been asked to give a short
speech about the city's plans to build a
new recreational center, after which she
was presented with a special plaque to
thank her for her role in the Westside Park
project. According to GNA president
Manuel Yuen, "Mayor Fugate was
instrumental in making last year's
fund-raising festival for the park a huge
success." The festival raised thousands of
dollars more than the GNA expected.
"It was a delightful surprise," said
Mayor Fugate. "We set ourselves a difficult
mission with the park project, but everybody
in the GNA and the community at large came
through admirably," the mayor continued.
The GNA reception was held in the
Gardendale Botanical Garden, which offered
a beautiful setting. The food was provided
by Dawn Sky Catering, which included an
individual chocolate cake for each guest
decorated with the GNA logo.
176. What does the invoice suggest about
Ms. Shibata?
(A) She will be the guest of honor at an
event.
(B) She charged the GNA for its catering
order.
(C) She is the organizer of the GNA's
reception.
(D) She will be decorating some cakes
herself.
177. When was the GNA required to pay $500 to
Dawn Sky Catering?
(A) On November 30
(B) On December 6
(C) On December 13
(D) On December 15
178. According to the article, what happened at
the reception?
179. In the article, the word "instrumental" in
paragraph 1, line 12, is closest in meaning to
(A) mechanical
(B) informal
(C) musical
(D) essential
180. How many people most likely attended the
GNA reception?
(A) 5
(B) 50
(C) 100
(D) 200
(A) Mayor Fugate was given an award.
(B) Mayor Fugate was asked to reduce her
speech.
(C) Mayor Fugate took questions from the
audience.
(D) Mayor Fugate was invited to join the
GNA.
MOREAD
Questions 181-185 refer to the following letter and e-mail.
Chisaka Gaming Systems
410-1109, Nijo Dencho, Nakagyo-ku Kyoto-shi
Kyoto, Japan
Toby Heisenberger
1226 Lark Street
Albany, New York 12210
USA
May 7
Product Recall:
CGS-P27 High-Speed Gaming Computer
Dear Mr. Heisenberger,
This is to inform you that the CGS-P27 High-Speed Gaming Computer has
been recalled. We have received reports of units overheating and becoming
unusable. To address this issue, an additional fan needs to be installed in
your computer. Please return the gaming system to the store in which it was
purchased, using your personal customer identification number, PCI-70734.
Your system will then be sent back to the manufacturer and repaired at no
expense to you.
We apologize for any inconvenience.
Sincerely,
Kobu Matsui EMMOREAD
Chisaka Gaming Systems
To:
From:
Date:
Subject:
Virginia Granger <v.granger@chisakagamingsystems.jp>
Dear Ms. Granger,
Jennifer Kinkaid <jkinkaid@albancgm.com>
June 12
Product recall
Our retail stores have been accepting your CGS-P27 High-Speed Gaming Computers for repairs as arranged. As you may know, owners of your gaming system are reluctant to give
up their devices for repair once they find that they will be without the system for two to
three weeks. Today alone, three customers (PCI-70734, PCI-17503, and PCI-90022)
declined to have their systems repaired.
The good news is that users of your gaming system are very loyal. However, to increase
compliance with the recall and as a public relations gesture, you could provide us with
several devices as part of a loaner program. Let me know how I can assist with this
arrangement.
Thank you!
Jennifer Kinkaid
Alban Computers, Games, and More
181. Why did Mr. Matsui send the letter?
(A) To advertise a new product
(B) To alert a customer to a problem
(C) To confirm that a refund had been
issued
(D) To offer a customer an upgrade
182. What type of company does Ms. Granger
work for?
(A) A computer manufacturer
(B) A retail store
(C) A repair company
(D) A game rental service
183. In the e-mail, the word "program" in
paragraph 2, line 3, is closest in meaning to
(A) schedule
(B) plan
(C) broadcast
(D) software
184. What can be concluded about
Mr. Heisenberger?
(A) He was not satisfied with his purchase.
(B) He called Ms. Granger to discuss
options.
(C) He did not bring his system in for repair.
(D) He requested a two-week turnaround.
185. What does Ms. Kinkaid request in her
e-mail?
(A) Free products
(B) System upgrades
(C) Computer monitors
(D) Temporary replacements
Questions 186-190 refer to the following e-mail and Web pages.
To: Marcella Wairimu <m.wairimu@theushindigroup.co.ke>
From: Henry Bunyasi <h.bunyasi@theushindigroup.co.ke>
Date: 3 February
Subject: Survey
Dear Ms. Wairimu.
The management team has asked us to find out how satisfied our clients are with our
digital marketing services. To that end, we will conduct a survey during the month of
April.
Given your expertise in survey design and analysis, I would like you to develop a
customer satisfaction survey that includes an evaluation of the digital marketing services
we advertise on our Web site. It will be sent to each of our longtime clients here in
Kenya. Please have a draft ready by 17 February and distribute it to the members of the
management team for their review. You and I will present the draft at the management
team's meeting on 23 February at 2:00 P.M.
Regards.
Henry Bunyasi
https://www.theushindigroup.co.ke/services_survey
About Us Services Plans and Pricing Company News
Satisfaction Survey
1 May
At The Ushindi Group, we strive to provide you with top-quality marketing services.
That is why we are asking our longtime clients to complete this short survey about our
digital marketing services. With the information you provide, we can identify areas for
improvement. Please submit your responses on or before 19 May. Thank you for
helping us to serve you better.
Please type one of the following values into the appropriate box for each service.
1 = very dissatisfied, 2 = dissatisfied, 3 = no opinion, 4 = satisfied, 5 = very satisfied
Digital Marketing Services
A. Advertising on social media
B. Content creation, including written content, photos, and videos
C. E-mail marketing to existing and potential customers
D. Web and mobile app development and design
Client name (optional):
https://www.theushindigroup.co.ke/companynews
About Us Services Plans and Pricing Company News
Improvements to Our Services
In response to customer feedback, The Ushindi Group will introduce a new e-mail
marketing strategy on 15 July.
Our new focus will be on triggered e-mails. Triggered e-mails are sent out
automatically based on customer behaviour and have a much higher response rate
than traditional marketing e-mails. Triggered e-mails help companies turn casual
buyers into loyal customers.
We anticipate that this change will result in a noticeable increase in repeat customers
for our clients. The price of our services will remain the same. For more information,
you may contact your marketing account manager directly, call The Ushindi Group
at 0800 205 555, or send an e-mail to info@theushindigroup.co.ke.
186. What is stated about Ms. Wairimu in the
e-mail?
(A) She resolved a complaint from one of
her clients.
(B) She responded to an employee
questionnaire.
(C) She is a member of the management
team.
(D) She is highly skilled in survey
development.
187. What will most likely happen on
February 23?
(A) The Ushindi Group's Web site will be
updated.
(B) Mr. Bunyasi will review the advertising
budget.
(C) Ms. Wairimu will attenda meeting in the
afternoon.
(D) The management team will vote on a
policy revision.
188. What can be concluded about the
satisfaction survey?
(A) It was sent by mail.
(B) It was not distributed to clients
according to the original timetable.
(C) It was revised after the management
team's meeting.
(D) It was sent to clients around the world.
189. What news is reported on the second Web
page?
(A) Service rates will soon increase.
(B) A marketing manager has been
replaced.
(C) Surveys will be conducted on a monthly
basis.
(D) An automated customer contact system
will launch.
190. What digital marketing service will The
Ushindi Group change based on responses
to its survey?
(A) Service A
(B) Service B
(C) Service C
(D) Service D
Questions 191-195 refer to the following article and Web pages.
Director Rubio Celebrated
MERRINGTON (July 20)-Although Pedro
Rubio retired from directing ten years ago,
his award-winning films still influence
today's cinema.
Rubio's childhood home was near a
movie house, where he fell in love with the
art form. He saw several movies a week,
sometimes watching the same movie
multiple times.
His extensive familiarity with a range of
genres is apparent in his work. Titles range
from the romantic Send Me Some Roses to
the horror classic That House.
Rubio retired from filmmaking at age 65
after almost 40 years of directing, but he has
kept busy. Most recently, he has been
working as a guest lecturer at the nearby
Weberton Film School.
Readers will be pleased to hear that our
own Merrington Cinema will be showing
Rubio's films throughout August. Whether
you are a longtime fan or have never seen a
Rubio film, you will surely enjoy this
offering at Merrington Cinema.
https://www.merringtoncinema.com
Home Schedule Reviews Contact Us
Choose Your Own Double Feature
In August, we will celebrate the acclaimed director Pedro Rubio's birthday by
showing many of his movies. And you can purchase tickets to two movies for the
price of one! Rubio made the films listed below at the beginning of his directing
career. See the Schedule page for the complete list of films and their weekly
viewing times.
Put a Roof on It, Comedy, 102 minutes
Construction workers do their best to build a wealthy man's dream home while his
brother tries to take over the project.
Through a Diamond Rain, Science Fiction, 124 minutes
Two teams of researchers travel to Neptune and try to send their findings back
to Earth.
Weekends and Memories, Drama, 115 minutes
A group of old friends gather at a country house and discover that much has
changed since they were last together. This film won the Gold Dreamer Award.
The Strange Drive, Western, 107 minutes
Cowboys on a cattle drive encounter a series of interesting and unusual strangers.
https://www.merringtoncinema.com/reviews
Home Schedule Reviews Contact Us
I recently read a great article about director Pedro Rubio. It contained a lot of
information about his work and life, including some surprising information about
what he has been doing since he retired from filmmaking. The article also
mentioned that Merrington Cinema would be showing his films. So I went to the
cinema's Web site and saw the two-for-one deal. I thought this would be an
excellent way to spend a Saturday, so I went! I saw two wonderful movies. One of
the films I saw was new to me: it was about scientists on a mission in space.
loved it!
For a movie fan like me, Merrington Cinema's promotion was perfect. I understand
there will be a similar promotion for Meredeth Bui's films in October. I'll be sure to
take advantage of great offers like this again.
-Talia Pak
191. According to the article, how did Mr. Rubio
become interested in the cinema?
(A) His family worked in the movie
business.
(B) He participated in a film club at school.
(C) He visited a movie theater frequently in
his youth.
(D) He used to be a ticket seller in a movie
theater.
192. According to the first Web page, why is
Merrington Cinema offering a promotion?
(A) It recently opened and wants to attract
customers.
(B) It is celebrating a director's birthday.
(C) It has partnered with a movie studio to
show certain movies.
(D) It wants to advertise its new upgraded
premises.
193. According to the first Web page, what do
the four listed movies have in common?
(A) They are all less than 120 minutes
long.
(B) They all focus on friendships.
(C) They are all early films of Mr. Rubio's.
(D) They have all received awards.
194. What did Ms. Pak find surprising about
Mr. Rubio?
(A) He is teaching at a local film school.
(B) He directed movies for nearly 40 years.
(C) He worked in many genres.
(D) He has opened his own movie theater.
195. What movie did Ms. Pak see recently for
the first time?
(A) Put a Roof on It
(B) Through a Diamond Rain
(C) Weekends and Memories
(D) The Strange Drive
Questions 196-200 refer to the following policy and e-mails.
Submission Policy
Undeniable is an ad-supported literary journal of short fiction and nonfiction
emerging writers. We waive our $5 fee for first-time submitters.
• Stories must be between 250 and 1,000 words (no poetry, please).
Do not include illustrations. All illustrations are produced in-house.
by
Attach your story in an e-mail to: submissions@undeniable.com. Please include a
brief synopsis of your piece, and tell us how you discovered Undeniable.
이
이
We pay a $50 honorarium upon acceptance for publication.
If we accept your story, we will send you a contract and a form to set up an
electronic money transfer.
*E-mail*
To: submissions@undeniable.com
From: len.sutherland@onyxmail.com
Date: March 15
Subject: Cover letter and submission
Attachment: Ji's Journey
Greetings!
My submission, "Ji's Journey," centers on a young dress designer, Toby Ji, who
overcomes obstacles to realize her dreams in the fashion industry.
I was introduced to Undeniable last year by my writing instructor at the Artman
Institute in Portland, Oregon, and have since become a subscriber. I particularly enjoy
your Nonfiction Corner; one of my favorites was "Waygone Beach," which inspired me
to write "Ji's Journey." I believe it would be an ideal fit for this section. Like "Waygone
Beach," "Ji's Journey" is a true story of hope and perseverance.
Thank you for your consideration and for creating a forum for new writers like me.
Sincerely,
Len Sutherland
To: len.sutherland@onyxmail.com
From: jerrybuckman@undeniable.com
Date: July 2
Subject: Your submission
Dear Mr. Sutherland,
Your story, "Ji's Journey," generated a great deal of positive feedback about the June issue.
Congratulations! And your instincts were correct regarding your story's placement. All this
has us hoping you will submit more stories to Undeniable. As an added incentive, we will
be increasing our honorarium to $100 beginning next month.
As a subscriber, you are likely familiar with Stacy Jordan's question-and-answer column
featuring a different writer each month. Would you be willing to answer a few questions
about your literary training, writing method, and how you find story ideas? If so, I will
forward your e-mail address to Ms. Jordan, who will reach out to you in the near future.
Sincerely,
Jerry Buckman
Associate Editor
196. What does the policy indicate about
Undeniable?
(A) It does not accept poems.
(B) It has no advertisements.
(C) It requires writers to submit drawings.
(D) It publishes the work of famous
authors.
197. According to the first e-mail, where did
Mr. Sutherland discover Undeniable?
(A) In a public library
(B) In a school bookstore
(C) In a writing class
(D) In a clothing shoр
198. What can be concluded about "Waygone
Beach"?
(A) It takes place in Portland, Oregon.
(B) It was not accepted for publication.
(C) It is Mr. Sutherland's first story.
(D) It does not exceed 1,000 words.
199. How much did Mr. Sutherland receive for
his story in the June issue of Undeniable?
(A) $5
(B) $50
(C) $100
(D) $250
200. What does the second e-mail suggest
about Ms. Jordan?
(A) She plans to renew her subscription.
(B) She writes a column for Undeniable.
(C) She teaches writing classes.
(D) She has an unusual writing method.
