PART 6
Directions: Read the texts that follow. A word, phrase, or sentence is missing in parts of each text.
Four answer choices for each question are given below the text. Select the best answer to complete
the text. Then mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
Questions 131-134 refer to the following e-mail.
To: Roger Wall <rogerwall@openemail.com>
From: Guillermo Torres <gtorres@supplyflow.com>
Date: May 2
Subject: RE: Missing delivery
Dear Mr. Wall,
This is in response to your ------- e-mail notifying us that you did not receive your April shipment 131.
of office supplies. We verified that your annual subscription is up-to-date and that everything is in
order on your side. This error is, therefore, an oversight on-part. We have transitioned to 132.
new shipping software, and some customer information was not transferred correctly. Rest
assured that this has been fixed and that the error will not------- again. 133.
We sent your box of office supplies today using an overnight shipping service. . Inside the 134.
box, you will also find a complimentary token of appreciation for your patience.
If you have further questions or concerns, do not hesitate to contact me directly.
Sincerely,
Guillermo Torres, Customer Assistant, Supply Flow, Inc.
131. (A) constant
(B) nearby
(C) early
(D) recent
132. (A) either
(B) its
(C) our
(D) their
133. (A) combine
(B) revise
(C) affect
(D) occur
134. (A) You should receive it tomorrow.
(B) This order will take longer than usual
to process.
(C) The box is very heavy.
(D) Please review the invoice attached to
this e-mail.
Questions 135-138 refer to the following memo.
To: Marketing Department, Tavola Foods Distributors
From: Victor Cotillo
Date: March 4
Subject: Information
Please look at the proposed survey that was just added to our team folder. The first section asks
to rate their favorite vegetables. We felt shoppers might prefer a particular vegetable only if 135.
it is fresh and in season. , we also ask what frozen vegetables they buy most frequently 136.
and why. In addition, we 137. a series of questions about food preparation and convenience.
We feel this survey will give us a better picture of what our customers want. Please look over
everything and quickly respond with any thoughts. 138.
135. (A) farmers
(B) executives
(C) consumers
(D) merchants
136. (A) In effect
(B) Therefore
(C) On occasion
(D) Nevertheless
137. (A) were inserting
(B) have inserted
138. (A) We want to start distributing the
survey next week. EMMOI
(C) had been inserting
(D) could have inserted
(B) We value the feedback provided
by you, our customers.
(C) Despite higher costs, demand for
our products has risen.
(D) As we all know, fresh vegetables
are good for you.
Questions 139-142 refer to the following e-mail.
To: vendors@grovecenterfleamarket.org
From: alanc@spicebest.com
Date: October 22
Subject: Parking issue
Dear Vendors,
Starting next month, the owners of the Grove Center Flea Market will charge a flat daily rate of
$10 to use the onsite parking deck. This means customers who drive to our weekly flea market
will no longer enjoy free parking. I'm concerned that this might-some shoppers from 139.
coming, which will hurt our businesses.
As president of the Grove Center Flea Market, I have asked the owners to consider waiving or
reducing the fee. The nearest other large-scale parking facility is at city hall, three long 140.
blocks from our site. Street parking is available but can be ------ to find. 141.
Please reply to all if you have any thoughts on alternative 142.
Best,
Alan Coleman
139. (A) remove
140.
(B) carry
(C) discourage
(D) manage
(A) Their offices are not open on
Sundays.
(B) I also asked them to expand the
garage.
(C) Nevertheless, we have more vendors
than last year.
(D) Unfortunately, we could not reach a
compromise.
141. (A) difficult
(B) pleasant
(C) expensive
(D) specific
142. (A) solution
(B) solutions
(C) solve
(D) solving
Questions 143-146 refer to the following newspaper article.
QUEENSVILLE (November 3)-Recycling just became easier for many local residents thanks to
the opening of the township's second recycling center. "West Queensville residents now have a
more- location to drop off their materials," Mayor Dustin Larson said at yesterday's 143.
ribbon-cutting ceremony. "No longer must they travel to the east part of the town."
However, Ida Aguirre of the Queensville Clean Coalition criticized the town council's 144.
decision to eliminate curbside pickup of recyclables. "Curbside pickup should be resumed
--elected officials want to make recycling easier," she said in a telephone interview. Open 145.
6 A.M. to 8 P.M. on weekdays, the new 18 Darren Street facility takes only mixed paper and some
plastics. Aluminum is not currently 146.
143. (A) widespread
(B) convenient
(C) ordinary
(D) stable
144. (A) The percentage of household waste sent
to landfills has decreased recently.
(B) Those who attended the ceremony
applauded the new facility.
(C) Employees at both drop-off sites can help
unload materials.
(D) The drop-off site in West Queensville
opens next year.
145. (A) by
(B) so
(C) if
(D) through
146. (A) accepted
(B) accepting
(C) accepts
(D) accept
