PART 7
Directions: In this part you will read a selection of texts, such as magazine and newspaper articles,
e-mails, and instant messages. Each text or set of texts is followed by several questions. Select the
best answer for each question and mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
Questions 147-148 refer to the following notice.
Cardinal Street Project-Update
Because of unusually wet and cold weather conditions, the road closure on Cardinal
Street between Lee Drive and Petunia Lane will be extended until late spring.
Construction will continue; however, final paving on Cardinal Street cannot occur
until the weather conditions improve. Workers will begin the pavement work once
construction of the bridge on Cardinal Street has been completed. If you have
questions or comments, please contact Vy Nguyen in the city planning office
at 615-555-0184.
147. What is a purpose of the notice?
(A) To report a change in weather patterns
(B) To announce a new detour route
(C) To explain a change in road
construction plans
(D) To highlight causes of road
deterioration .
148. What is indicated about the Cardinal Street
project?
(A) It includes building a bridge.
(B) It is being handled by Ms. Nguyen's
company.
(C) It does not involve street paving.
(D) It cannot be completed in hot weather.
Questions 149-150 refer to the following sign.
George's Orchard Farm
2232 Alpine Lane
Pick your own! Select from five varieties of juicy peaches in our orchard!
Buckets provided at no cost.
Stop by our market to purchase jams, pies, and sauces made from
farm-fresh fruit.
We sell lunches to enjoy in our picnic area.
Follow the signs ahead for designated parking areas.
Wednesday to Friday, 12 noon to 5:00 P.M.
Saturday and Sunday, 10:00 A.M. to 6:00 P.M.
149. What does George's Orchard Farm offer
visitors?
(A) Free buckets for fruit gathering
(B) Customized picnic baskets
(C) Samples of pies and jams
(D) Tours of the farm
150. What is indicated about the market?
 (A) It has a new parking area.
(B) It sells products made with peaches.
(C) It is under new management.
(D) It is open every day of the week.
.
Questions 151-152 refer to the following e-mail.
To:
From:
Date:
Thandiwe Ngxongo <tngxongo@fancyandformal.co.uk>
Customer Service <service@homethings.co.uk>
26 October
Subject: Performa lint roller (Model PL293)
Dear Ms. Ngxongo,
I am sorry to inform you that the Performa lint roller you selected is on back order
because of a shortage of its ultra-strong adhesive. We expect a new shipment within three
to four weeks. However, if you prefer not to wait, Home Things will be glad to ship the
Extreme2 lint roller to you at no extra charge. The Extreme2 model includes a perforated
sticky tape for ease of use and comes with two refills. Like the Performa model, it has
strong adhesive that effectively removes hair, fuzz, lint, and dust from most fabrics.
You can request this similar product to be shipped to you in place of the one you ordered,
as long as you make the change to your order before the original item ships. Thank you
for your understanding.
Sincerely,
Glen McCraine
Customer Service Specialist
Home Things
151. Why did Mr. McCraine write the e-mail?
(A) To highlight a new product
(B) To apologize for a delay
(C) To respond to a question
(D) To provide details about a return
152. What is indicated about the Extreme2 lint
roller?
(A) It is less expensive than the Performa
model.
(B) It comes with additional tape.
(C) It is more effective than the Performa
model.
(D) It has received high user ratings.
Questions 153-154 refer to the following text-message chain.
Sen Chai (6:51 P.M.):
We're on a dinner break from the negotiation
meeting. Mr. Geraci did not accept our offer.
Mateo Michelacci (6:52 P.M.):
That's frustrating. Do you think if we offered
another €10,000 he would sell? You and I have
agreed that this is the right facility: it's in a
convenient location for customers, the access
from the highway is perfect for incoming and
outgoing deliveries, and potential tenants
have already expressed interest.
Sen Chai (6:53 P.M.):
I can't see that happening. But I'll try again.
How high can I go?
Mateo Michelacci (6:54 P.M.):
The bank approved us for another €20,000.
Offer Mr. Geraci €10,000 more, plus we will fix
any building code violations at our expense.
Go up to the full €20,000 only if necessary.
Sen Chai (6:55 P.M.):
I'll do my best.
153. What is suggested about Mr. Geraci?
(A) He owns a building.
(B) He recently renovated a facility.
(C) He will approve a loan.
(D) He will meet with Mr. Michelacci.
154. At 6:53 P.м., what does Ms. Chai most likely
mean when she writes, "I can't see that
happening"?
(A) She thinks that renters will be difficult to
attract.
(B) She believes that an offer will still be
rejected.
(C) She doubts that shipping will be easy to
organize.
(D) She thinks that clients will have trouble
finding a location.
Questions 155-157 refer to the following advertisement.
Blossom Sales Systems
Blossom Sales Systems (BSS) makes running your business a breeze with its sleek,
intuitive point-of-sale devices. As a small business owner, you have many
responsibilities and a reputation to build. BSS has all the tools needed to make
transactions safe, seamless, and hassle-free.
Enjoy the convenience of a system that has you covered wherever you conduct your
business. Whether you sell in a store, over the phone, or online, BSS simplifies the
transaction process while backing you with 24-7 technical expertise. Our innovative
devices enable you to accepta variety of payment types-from magnetic-stripe and chip readers for credit cards to digital scanners for checks to popular mobile app
payment services-ensuring that no potential sales are missed.
Sign up for BSS today and enjoy a free ten-day trial. Registration takes just fifteen
minutes to complete. Once approved, save $50 on the purchase of any BSS device
that connects to your phone or tablet. Call 931-555-0148 to schedule a demonstration
and see how BSS can make your sales bloom!
155. The word "backing" in paragraph 2, line 3,
is closest in meaning to
(A) favoring
(B) reversing
(C) supporting
(D) establishing
157. What is BSS offering as a sales promotion?
156. What payment method is NOT mentioned in
the advertisement?
(A) Cash
(B) Check
(C) Credit card
(D) Mobile app
(A) A new mobile phone
(B) A fifteen-day free trial
(C) A free device for a tablet
(D) A discount on equipment

Questions 158-160 refer to the following e-mail.
*E-mail*
To: cbrandt@prebleevents.com
From: chsiao@yanvillefestival.com
Date: May 15
Subject: Festival support
Dear Mr. Brandt,
Thank you for contacting us regarding the Yanville Festival. — [1] —. We have already
contracted with Breemer's Staging to provide lighting equipment for our main stages.
— [2] -. Do you provide catering services? - [3] -. We do not have anyone yet to
manage the food for our actors and stage crews. Would you be interested in this work?
Please let me know. - [4]
Best regards,
Cecily Hsiao
Vice-Chair, Yanville Festival
158. What is one reason that Ms. Hsiao wrote
the e-mail?
(A) To confirm an order
(B) To request a price
(C) To provide a report
(D) To make an offer
160.
159. What most likely is the focus of the Yanville
Festival?
(A) Music
(B) Books
(C) Theater
(D) Fashion
In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3].
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?
"However, we have heard good reports
about your company, Preble Events, from
our partners."
(A) [1]
(B) [2]
(C) [3]
(D) [4]
Questions 161-163 refer to the following advertisement.
Kramer's Emporium
2323 Raleigh Street. Houston, TX 77021
After 25 years in business, our store is closing. Everything must go!
From refrigerators to washing machines, we have hundreds of
brand-new appliances for your home or office. Most items have been
marked down by 30 percent. Delivery is available within 60 miles of our
store for a flat fee of $50.00. We are open daily from 9:00 A.M. to 7:00 P.M.
Don't wait! Merchandise is selling fast!
161. What most likely can be purchased at
Kramer's Emporium?
(A) Computers
(B) Sofas
(C) Dishwashers
(D) Food
162. Why is Kramer's Emporium selling
merchandise at a discount?
(A) It will soon move to a new location.
(B) It wants to promote a specific brand.
(C) It needs to make room for new items.
(D) It will soon go out of business.
163. What is mentioned about delivery?
(A) It is free for purchases of two or more
items.
(B) It is available only in a specific area.
(C) It is limited to large items.
(D) It is included in the price of the item.
.
Questions 164-167 refer to the following e-mail.
To: Bruce Holt
From: Shamonica Walker
Date: April 9
Subject: Immediate and confidential
Dear Bruce.
Beginning with the new fiscal year, a change in retirement benefits will be applied for all
full-time employees here at Blanen Industries. They will no longer be given their matching
retirement funds in the form of cash. Instead, their retirement funds will be provided in the
form of company stock to be deposited in their retirement portfolios.
Our current retirement management firm, Proxave Futures, has been informed of this
change in retirement benefits. The firm will manage the transition and will continue to
provide customer support to Blanen Industries employees. Questions should be directed to Pierre Dehaene at Proxave Futures rather than our human resources department.
Please work with Yua Suzuki, head of human resources, to provide her with the
information she should include in her all-staff communication about this important change
in employee benefits. Our president notified me that he would like to receive all reports
related to this transition. Also, please continue to send me daily financial reports.
Best.
Shamonica Walker, CFO
Blanen Industries
164. What is a purpose of the e-mail?
(A) To inquire about a transaction
(B) To plan a meeting agenda
(C) To provide instructions
(D) To ask for an opinion
166. What is suggested about Proxave Futures?
165. The word "applied" in paragraph 1, line 1, is
closest in meaning to
(A) requested
(B) delayed
(C) discussed
(D) implemented
(A) It is giving employees a bonus.
(B) It offers company stock shares to its
employees.
(C) It will address any concerns of Blanen
Industries employees.
(D) It is merging with Blanen Industries.
167. Who is responsible for notifying all
employees about the policy change?
(A) Mr. Holt
(B) Ms. Walker
(C) Mr. Dehaene
(D) Ms. Suzuki
Questions 168-171 refer to the following online chat discussion.
Monica Zia (8:27 A.M.) Hi, Yuji and Sung-ho. I wonder if one of you could help me later
today. Dejani Jones was going to help, but she's going to be out of the office today.
Yuji Saito (8:28 A.M.) That's too bad. Did she say why?
Monica Zia (8:28 A.M.) She said she had a slight cold but that she should be able to work
from home on the data analyses for her clients.
Sung-ho Suh (8:29 A.M.) So, she won't be coming in at all today?
Monica Zia (8:31 A.M.) No. And Dejani and I were going to go to Willi's Market to buy
food and beverages for tomorrow's office picnic. You remember, right? Saturday at noon at
City Park. Anyhow, Dejani has a car and was going to drive us to the store and use her
credit card to purchase the supplies. I know that both of you drive to work, so I thought one
of you could help.
Sung-ho Suh (8:32 A.M.) When were you thinking of going?
Yuji Saito (8:32 A.M.) Sure. I can help, and we can use my credit card.
Monica Zia (8:33 A.M.) Around two.
Yuji Saito (8:34 A.M.) No problem. Just stop by my cubicle, and we can take my car to go
to the store.
Sung-ho Suh (8:35 A.M.) That's great, Yuji. I have several meetings this afternoon, so I
wouldn't be able to get away.
Monica Zia (8:35 A.M.) Thanks, Yuji. I'll see you this afternoon.
168. Why is Ms. Jones going to be out of the
office today?
(A) She is feeling ill.
(B) She works from home every Friday.
(C) She is meeting with clients.
(D) She is having car trouble.
169. What had Ms. Jones previously agreed to
do?
(A) Drive Ms. Zia to work
(B) Choose a location for a picnic
(C) Move to a new office cubicle
(D) Help with some shopping
170. Who most likely will purchase food and
beverages for the picnic?
(A) Ms. Zia
(B) Ms. Jones
(C) Mr. Saito
(D) Mr. Suh
171. At 8:33 A.M., what does Ms. Zia mean when
she writes, "Around two"?
(A) She needs at least two people to help
her at Willi's Market.
(B) She has reserved two tickets for an
event at City Park.
(C) She plans to meet with Mr. Suh in
about two hours.
(D) She wants to leave the office this
afternoon at about two o'clock.
Questions 172-175 refer to the following e-mail.
To: Dorota Kucharski <dkucharski@internationaltechnologicalsociety.org>
Luciano Moretti <lmoretti@internationaltechnologicalsociety.org> From:
Date: 8 August
Subject: Research results
Ms. Kucharski,
The following is a summary of what I have learned in my research about where to hold
our next annual technology conference in June of next year.
In Rome, the best option I have found is Hotel al Ponte. The total cost for conference
events there would be €31,500. — [1] —. Individual hotel rooms would cost €80 per night
for participants. In the event that attendance is high, we could also house participants in
the nearby Hotel Milvio at €120 per night. -[2]-
I also looked into hotels in Genoa and Florence, but I could not find any that would be
much cheaper in overall conference costs. — [3] —. More importantly, I am concerned
that the greater cost of flights to those smaller cities could discourage some attendees.
Rome, on the other hand, has affordable direct flights from most European cities. - [4] -
It will also be more affordable for our colleagues coming from Buenos Aires.
If you would like to pursue the Hotel al Ponte option, I will provide a detailed write-up of
the anticipated costs and of the amenities offered by the hotel.
Best.
Secretary,
Luciano Moretti
 International Technological Society
.
172. What is the main purpose of the e-mail?
(A) To book travel for a conference
(B) To compare possible venues for a
conference
(C) To request a budget increase for
organizing a conference
(D) To inquire about the cost of attending a
conference
173. What is indicated about the conference?
(A) It is for professionals in the travel
industry.
(B) It takes place every year.
(C) It is usually held in Buenos Aires.
(D) It will occur in August.
174. What is true about Hotel Milvio?
(A) It is more expensive than Hotel al
Ponte.
(B) It is usually fully booked.
(C) It has locations in Genoa and Florence.
(D) It has more rooms than Hotel al Ponte.
175. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?
"The savings to host the conference in one
of those cities would be €500 at most."
(A) [1]
(B) [2]
(C) [3]
(D) [4]
.
Questions 176-180 refer to the following Web page and online review.
https://www.centraluniversity.edu/nutrition/newsletter
Home Customer Service Subscribe Account Log In
Central University Health Newsletter—Your Guide to Nutrition and Well-Being
Tips on healthful eating are available almost everywhere-from TV shows to online
cooking forums. It's often difficult to know whether the advice you encounter is based
on scientific evidence. That's why the Central University Health Newsletter is
indispensable. Each month, it delivers informative, easy-to-understand articles that
summarize findings by researchers at the Central University School of Nutrition. For
example, last April's issue evaluated nutritional supplements that are sold in
supermarkets. The back page features our Ask an Expert column, in which the director
of the School of Nutrition answers readers' questions.
A one-year subscription is $20 and includes online access to all previous issues.
We also offer a 10 percent discount on your first subscription renewal. What's more,
subscribers receive our free weekly "Healthy Living" e-mail update, which includes
special reports plus links to videos and podcasts.
To get started, simply go to our Subscribe page and follow the instructions.
https://www.centraluniversity.edu/nutrition/newsletter/reviews
Publication: Central University Health Newsletter
★★★★★
Reviewed by: Ari Kipp
Date posted: August 4
This is my second year subscribing to the Central University Health Newsletter, which I
read cover to cover. I'm particularly impressed with the Ask an Expert column, and I
always learn something new. This month, for instance, Dr. Stella Booth gives a surprising
answer to the question of which pasta is most nutritious. I didn't know that bean-based
pasta even existed, much less how much fiber it contains. I tried it and will never go
back to regular pasta. My sole complaint is that the newsletter is only twelve pages long!
176. What is the purpose of the Web page?
(A) To explain the reason for a price
increase
(B) To increase the size of the audience for
a publication
(C) To recruit volunteers for a research
project
(D) To sell nutritional supplements
177. In the Web page, the word "delivers" in
paragraph 1, line 4, is closest in meaning to
(A) presents
(B) transports
(C) guides
(D) claims
178. What is true about Mr. Kipp?
(A) He is a health-care professional.
(B) He received a 20 percent discount on a
subscription.
(C) He gets nutrition tips from a television
program.
(D) He gets a weekly e-mail from Central
University.
179. What is indicated about the Central
University School of Nutrition?
(A) It creates lesson plans for local
teachers.
(B) It is headed by Dr. Booth.
(C) It offers online cooking classes.
(D) It has a job opening for a researcher.
180. According to the online review, what is a
weakness of the newsletter?
(A) The limited range of topics
(B) The complexity of the articles
(C) The lack of photographs
(D) The overall length
Questions 181-185 refer to the following invoice and e-mail.
Brit-Revision Editing Services Invoice
Freelance Editor: Lisa Yamashita
Invoice Date: 30 September
Address: 178 Upsala Road
LONDON
E16 1DЈ
Contact: (020) 7946 0612
lisa.yamashita@bluesun.co.uk
Stashcash ID: Lisa. Yamashita8
Client Name
Eddie Kent
Ben Gallagher
Project Description Date Completed Time
University thesis editing 5 September 2 hours
Grant proposal editing 9 September 10 hours
Lydia Quinn of Hyden Interiors Marketing copy editing 17 September 8.5 hours
Winona Rogers
Tony Withers
Journal article editing 22 September 2 hours
CV and cover letter editing 28 September 2.5 hours
To: Lisa Yamashita <lisa.yamashita@bluesun.co.uk>
Claudio Aguilar <caguilar@britrevision.co.uk>
1 October
From:
Date:
Subject: Your recent invoice
Dear Lisa.
Thank you for sending your invoice for services rendered in the month of September.
want to commend you on your superb start as one of our independent freelance editors.
Our clients had nothing but positive things to say about your work. As you know, we do
not dictate how you structure your workday; instead, Brit-Revision (BRV) guidelines
require simply that deadlines be met and that work quality be maintained. You have done
both admirably.
Also, we will pay you for an additional 30 minutes of work that you did for Mr. Kent. Не
reported that you did consulting work for him over the phone on a short oral presentation
that he created. As for the work that you did for our long-standing corporate client Lydia
Quinn, you will see on your receipt that we have paid you at a higher hourly rate.
I have initiated the transfer of £750 into your Stashcash account. The funds should appear
in your account by tomorrow morning.
Sincerely.
Claudio Aguilar
Accounts Payable, Brit-Revision Editing Services
181. What client of BRV's is most likely seeking
new employment?
(A) Mr. Gallagher
(B) Ms. Quinn
(C) Ms. Rogers
(D) Mr. Withers
182. What does the e-mail indicate about
Ms. Yamashita?
(A) She can set her own hours.
(B) She visits the BRV office every week.
(C) She must find new clients for BRV.
(D) She will be eligible for a job promotion
soon.
183. Acсording to the e-mail, what did
Ms. Yamashita NOT include on the invoice?
(A) A change of address
(B) An additional task
(C) A project end date
(D) An account number
184. For what project will Ms. Yamashita earn
the most per hour?
(A) The university thesis
(B) The grant proposal
(C) The marketing coрy
(D) The journal article
185. When can Ms. Yamashita expect a
payment to arrive?
(A) On September 28
(B) On September 30
(C) On October 1
(D) On October 2
.
Questions 186-190 refer to the following e-mails and instructions.
To: New Employees
From:
Date:
Hemi Amos <hamos@motmanmotors.com>
June 8
Subject: Welcome to Motman Motors
Attachment: Information
Dear New Employees.
Welcome! We are thrilled that all of you are joining Motman Motors.
New-employee orientation for all is on June 10 from 9:00 A.M. to 12:00 noon. Please
report to the proper room in the Pimzler Building on our campus as indicated below.
I will come around to each room to meet the new employees briefly.
Marketing and Customer Service: both groups report to room 320.
Engineering: report to room 215.
Technology Services: report to room 158.
I can confirm that the employee paperwork has been finalized for most of you, so at this
point we just need to ensure that your Motman Motors portal account is set up using the
employee identification number recently sent to you and that your bank account
information is entered there. Please follow the attached instructions to complete this final
step. It should not take any more than fifteen minutes, and I ask that you do this by
June 17. Don't hesitate to reach out if you have any questions.
Welcome aboard!
Hemi Amos
Human Resources. Motman Motors
Please follow these steps to create and activate your new Motman Motors portal account.
Go to https://motmanmotors.com/portal/activation to begin.
1. Go to the "New User Registration" page and enter your employee ID number.
2. Your name and address will appear. Confirm that this information is correct.
3. A new screen titled "Bank Account" will appear. Fill in your bank account information.
4. Finally, you will be asked to select two security questions and provide the answers.
Once you have created your account, your account will become active, the payroll
department will be alerted, and your payment schedule will be set. Please e-mail
Mr. Hemi Amos at hamos@motmanmotors.com if you have any difficulties or questions.
To: Hemi Amos <hamos@motmanmotors.com>
From: Karuna Dimaano <kdimaano@motmanmotors.com>
Date: June 9
Subject: Trouble with Motman Motors portal
Dear Mr. Amos,
Thank you for the kind welcome e-mail yesterday.
I am trying to set up my Motman Motors portal account, but I seem to be having trouble
with my employee ID number. Each time I put the information into the system, I get an
error message. I might not have the right number. Can you please advise me on how to
address this?
I also have another question. Will the orientation include any information for newcomers
to San Antonio? I am excited to start exploring everything here that this great city offers.
I look forward to meeting you tomorrow in room 215 in the Pimzler Building.
Thank you,
Karuna Dimaano
186. According to the first e-mail, what was
(A) An advertisement
(B) An application form
(C) An employee ID number
(D) Directions to an office complex
187. According to the first e-mail, what is the
deadline to complete an online task?
(A) June 8
(B) June 10
(C) June 15
(D) June 17
188. What step is Ms. Dimaano having trouble
with?
(A) Step 1
(B) Step 2
(C) Step 3
(D) Step 4
189. What department will Ms. Dimaano join?
(A) Marketing
(B) Customer Service
(C) Engineering
(D) Technology Services
190. In the second e-mail, what is suggested
about Ms. Dimaano?
(A) She has just graduated from university.
(B) She has met Mr. Amos before.
(C) She is concerned about finding a
building.
(D) She has recently moved to San
Antonio.
Questions 191-195 refer to the following e-mail, invoice, and memo.
To:
From:
Date:
Subject:
Felix Herman <felixh@videogenieproductions.com>
Sapna Mathai <smathai@thehospitalequipmentco.com>
September 17
Notes on rough cut of video
Attachment: Information
Dear Mr. Herman.
Thank you for sending the rough version of the informational video for our new Fluorolook
Imager. I think that the video looks great so far. It clearly demonstrates why the Fluorolook
is the best medical imaging device available. I have just a few notes before you proceed to
create the final version.
At 20 seconds: Could you insert a short timeline of the history of The Hospital
Equipment Company? I have attached the relevant information to this e-mail.
At 1 minute: I had a hard time seeing the details of the control panel in this scene.
Could you please replace it with a close-up shot?
At 2 minutes: The sequence in which the medical technician positions the patient
and adjusts the machine moves too quickly. Can this be slowed down?
I look forward to seeing the final version on September 23. As always, thank you and your
colleagues at Video Genie Productions for the excellent work.
Sincerely,
Ms. Sapna Mathai, Project Manager
The Hospital Equipment Company
The Hospital Equipment Company
Invoice 9984
Billing date: October 25
Installation date: October 26
Bill to:
All-City Hospital
3 Shoreline Road
Clear Lake, Minnesota 55319
Quantity Item Number Description Unit Price Total
2 62630 Fluorolook Imager $242,300 $484,600
Delivery and Installation $2,350
Total $486,950
MEMO
To: All The Hospital Equipment Company Employees
From: Marcia Oliver, Vice President of Sales
Date: October 27
Re: Good work!
Congratulations on the successful launch of the Fluorolook Imager! The
Hospital Equipment Company has made its first sale-to a hospital in
Clear Lake. And MDP Delivery has informed us that the two devices have
been delivered.
I would especially like to commend Ms. Mathai. She was instrumental in
getting us to this point. The administrator of the hospital that made the
purchase, Mr. Fabrice Lamontagne, credited his decision to the
informational video. He remarked that the video effectively demonstrated
why the Fluorolook Imager was the right device for his medical institution.
191. What is attached to the e-mail?
(A) Details about an invoice
(B) Reviews of Video Genie Productions
(C) A timeline for completing a project
(D) A graphic outlining a company's history
192. Why does Ms. Mathai want to replace the
scene at 1 minute?
(A) Some content is not clearly visible.
(B) Some equipment is labeled incorrectly.
(C) The video of the scene moves too
quickly.
(D) The medical technician speaks too
quietly.
193. What does the invoice indicate about the
Fluorolook Imagers?
(A) They were sold at a discount.
(B) The delivery was free of charge.
(C) The purchaser ordered two of them.
(D) They were installed on October 25.
194. Whom does Ms. Oliver specifically praise?
(A) A medical technician
(B) A hospital administrator
(C) A project manager
(D) A video producer
195. Where does Mr. Lamontagne most likely
work?
(A) At MDP Delivery
(B) At Video Genie Productions
(C) At The Hospital Equipment Company
(D) At AlI-City Hospital
Questions 196-200 refer to the following packing slip and e-mails.
From: Reina Olive Oil Company
Calle Tablas 820
18002 Granada, Spain
Order Date: 28 November
Order Number: SK6224
Packing Slip
To: Best Products Supermarket
241 Yeonhae-ro, Jung-gu
Incheon 22382, Republic of Korea
Item Number Description Quantity
EVO160 750-millilitre extra-virgin olive oil standard size glass cruet
with handle
15 cases
EVO161 1-litre extra-virgin olive oil family size glass bottle 20 cases
EVO162 1.5-litre extra-virgin olive oil chef size glass bottle 10 cases
EVO163 3-litre extra-virgin olive oil bulk size Reina logo tin 5 cases
EV0001 50-millilitre extra-virgin olive oil December sample size
Celebrate the season with us! Place your next order by 31 January to receive 10 percent off.
2 cases
To:
From:
Date:
Subject:
Dear Mr. Nadal:
*E-mail*
Pablo Nadal <pnadal@reinaoliveoilcompany.es>
Min Hae Seong <seongmh@bestproductssupermarket.co.kr>
12 December
Order number SK6224
We appreciate your fulfilling our recent order of extra-virgin olive oil so quickly.
Unfortunately, there is a small issue with the shipment, and we need your assistance.
While nothing was damaged or missing, the 3-litre bulk size containers were delivered
in error.
We would like to arrange to send these products back. Please inform us how to proceed.
Thank you.
Min Hae Seong
Receiving and Distribution, Best Products Supermarket
To:
From:
Date:
Subject:
Dear Ms. Seong,
Min Hae Seong <seongmh@bestproductssupermarket.co.kr>
Pablo Nadal <pnadal @reinaoliveoilcompany.es>
14 December
RE: Order number SK6224
I apologise for the error in order number SK6224. We have determined that your order
was accidentally combined with another in our electronic database. Unfortunately, we are
unable to restock any items that have left our warehouse. Therefore, you may keep the
additional olive oil and sell it in your stores. Also, you will receive a refund for the extra
charge within the next five to ten business days because of our mistake.
We are currently celebrating peak olive season by offering 10 percent off of your next
order. Also, during our Olive Harvest Festival in December, every shipment includes
samples of our company's classic olive oil that we encourage you to give to your shoppers
with our compliments.
We hope to continue providing Best Products Supermarket with the finest olive oils.
Sincerely yours,
Pablo Nadal
Export Division Manager, Reina Olive Oil Company
196. What is the purpose of the first e-mail?
(A) To place an order
(B) To inquire about delivery costs
(C) To discuss a shipping mistake
(D) To make a payment
199. What does Mr. Nadal mention he will do for
Ms. Seong?
ERS
197. What item number does Ms. Seong refer
to?
(A) EVO160
(B) EVO161
(C) EVO162
(D) EVO163
198. What does the second e-mail suggest
about Reina Olive Oil Company?
(A) It is seeking new clients.
(B) It cannot accept returns.
(C) It is owned by Mr. Nadal.
(D) It distributes more than olive oil.
(A) Begin an investigation
(B) Send some company brochures
(C) Arrange for a refund
(D) Send a revised bill
200. Why was item number EVO001 included in
the shipment?
(A) To recognize and celebrate a festival
(B) To introduce a company's new product
(C) To replace an item that was out of stock
(D) To resolve an issue with a company's
database
