PART 6
Directions: Read the texts that follow. A word, phrase, or sentence is missing in parts of each text.
Four answer choices for each question are given below the text. Select the best answer to complete the
text. Then mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
Questions 131-134 refer to the following advertisement.
JOIN THE RGBS AUTOMOTIVE TEAM
--could
RGBS Automotive is 131 hiring full-time and part-time workers. Apply today! 132.
become part of our manufacturing team! We make high-tech products -133. found in cars and
trucks of all kinds.
RGBS Automotive pays well, and we provide ongoing training plus opportunities for promotion.
Go to www.rgbsautomotive.com for more details and to fill out an application. 134.
131. (A) now
(B) likewise
(C) there
(D) instead
132. (A) It
(B) You
(C) They
(D) Everyone
133. (A) can be
(B) that are
(C) and being
(D) that had been
134. (A) Ours is a highly competitive industry.
(B) RGBS Automotive began doing business 45
years ago.
(C) We also offer a generous number of vacation
days.
(D) RGBS Automotive sells a wide selection of
merchandise.
Questions 135-138 refer to the following memo.
MEMO
To: Marketing Team
From: Alyssa Jacobs, Project Manager
Date: 27 September
Subject: Meeting wrap-up
Thank you again to all of you for your fine work on the upcoming marketing campaign for the
Turbo Omega 2 smartphone. As ------- 135 during yesterday's meeting, our goal is to launch the
television, radio, and social media advertisements on 1 November. The phone itself will be in
stores by 1 December. 136.
Gary Carollo will draft the press release and post it on our shared drive, where all of you 137.
will be able to read it. Please e-mail any---for changes to Gary within one week. He will 138.
present his final draft at our next regular meeting. We will also tie up any loose ends at that time.
135. (A) taken
136.
(B) driven
(C) earned
(D) decided
(A) Remember to turn off your phone at the
end of the workday.
(B) This gives us one month to generate
consumer excitement.
(C) The wholesale price can also be adjusted
if necessary.
(D) These new features will surely increase
Turbo Omega 2 sales.
READ
137. (A) Rather
(B) Soon
(C) After all
(D) That is
138. (A) suggesting
(B) suggested
(C) suggestions
(D) suggests
Questions 139-142 refer to the following product information.
Handmade Silk Blouse by Coreopsis Textiles, Size Medium, £45
Coreopsis Textiles' silk blouses are created from vintage fabrics and other recycled components
that we sew together in a patchwork fashion. Because all -136 garments are handcrafted, each is 139.
one of a kind. - Unique variations within each piece are part of the charm of Coreopsis 140.
Textiles' products. The blouse you receive will be similar in style but not identical to the one
pictured.
Please note that this garment is -- It is recommended that you either hand-wash it or wash it 141.
in cold water on the gentle cycle in a mesh bag. While the item has been prewashed, dryer heat
may cause it to shrink.-, it is important that it be hung to air dry. 142.
139. (A) its 141. (A) popular
(B) our
(C) your
(D) their (B) delicate
(C) mild
140. (A) This is a hassle-free return policy.
(B) Always check your receipt.
(C) They cannot be exactly replicated.
(D) Extra shipping charges may apply.
142.
(D) unavailable
(A) If not
(B) Likewise
(C) Therefore
(D) On the contrary
Questions 143-146 refer to the following e-mail.
To: Shu Jiang <sjiang@rowanatech.ca>
From: Maxwell Baschet <mbaschet@mapleroadstorage.ca>
Date: 4 April
Subject: Your contract
Attachment: Jiang contract
Dear Ms. Jiang,
We are pleased you- Maple Road Storage for your storage needs. I have attached a copy 143.
of your signed contract. 144.
Do you know about our referral program? You will receive one free month of storage if someone
you recommend signs a contract with us. The new tenant will receive a free month
You can find more information about this program and all our special------- on our Web 145. 146.
site at www.mapleroadstorage.ca.
Sincere EMMOREAD
Maxwell Baschet, Site Manager
143. (A) chooses
(B) will choose
(C) chosen
(D) have chosen
144. (A) If your contact information changes,
please let us know.
(B) We hope you will enjoy working
here.
(C) We will reply as soon as possible.
(D) However, business contracts can
be difficult to understand.
145. (A) after all
(B) again
(C) as well
(D) since
146. (A) offers
(B) schedules
(C) classes
(D) amounts
