PART 7
Directions: In this part you will read a selection of texts, such as magazine and newspaper articles,
e-mails, and instant messages. Each text or set of texts is followed by several questions. Select the
best answer for each question and mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
Questions 147-148 refer to the following invoice.
Oma Jean's Cakes
Customer Name: Robert Palomino
Customer Phone: (704) 555-0189
Date of Order: October 26
Date of Delivery: October 28
Delivery: Grand Uptown Hotel
Delivery by: Renu Bhatti
0000o
мл
Two kg chocolate cake (round)
Chocolate icing
Strawberry filling
$75.00
free
$20.00
Message on cake: "Congratulations on your retirement, Mary Ellen!"
Special instructions: Decorate cake with yellow icing flowers
free
$15.00
Delivery Fee
Grand Total
$15.00
$125.00
147. Ассording to the invoice, what was
purchased?
(A) A hotel stay
(B) Fresh flowers
(C) Chocolate candies
(D) A custom dessert
148. Acсording to the invoice, who most likely is
Ms. Bhatti?
(A) A coworker of Mr. Palomino's
(B) Amember of the hotel staff
(C) An Oma Jean's Cakes employee
(D) A retiring chef
Questions 149-150 refer to the following text-message chain.
Greg Pfaff (1:17 P.M.)
Hi Jessa. I'm running a bit late for our 2:00 P.M. appointment to
troubleshoot the problem with your desktop computer. I should
arrive around 2:20 Р.M.
Jessa Kim (1:18 P.M.)
That's fine. I hope you can fix it. I depend on that desktop for my online craft supply business.
Greg Pfaff (1:19 P.м.)
I know. It may just need a tune-up. My assistant, Kevin Mulford,
will be with me too. He may help you out in the future while I work
on a maintenance project at a local data center.
Jessa Kim (1:20 P.M.)
That's good to know.
Greg Pfaff (1:21 P.M.)
Good. That's it, then.
Jessa Kim (1:22 P.M.)
All right. See you when you get here.
149. Who most likely is Mr. Pfaff?
(A) A studio artist
(B) A seller of craft supplies
(C) A computer technician
(D) A building superintendent
150. At 1:20 P.M., what does Ms. Kim most likely
mean when she writes, "That's good to
know"?
(A) She is relieved that a problem was
solved.
(B) She is glad that she will have help if
needed.
(C) She is happy that Mr. Pfaff willarrive
soon.
(D) She is satisfied with work done on a
maintenance project.
Questions 151-152 refer to the following product review.
As my company's regional training manager, I am
often making presentations to groups of people and
rarely in the same place. I needed a portable projector
to display what's on my computer screen, and the
Veruvatron 800 is perfect because it is slim and light.
I did quite a bit of research comparing different brands
in terms of image resolution and other specifications. Many were comparable in
terms of those specifications, but the Veruvatron 800 is especially easy to bring to all my
presentations, and that is ultimately why I chose this one. One flaw is that both the power
cord and the VGA cord are surprisingly short. I have needed to use an extension cord pretty
much every time I use it, so be prepared to do the same.
Horace Offerman
151. Why did Mr. Offerman choose one projector
over others?
(A) It is durable.
(B) It is easy to carry.
(C) It has the best image quality.
(D) It includes more accessories.
152. What does Mr. Offerman warn readers
about?
AMC
(A) The life span of a device
(B) The length of some cables
(C) The need for a separate case
(D) The lack of compatibility with certain
computers
Questions 153-154 refer to the following e-mail.
To: Demetri Owens
Cc: Theodore Scott, Halina Kibera
From: Janice Kovack
Date: January 10
Subject: Next interview
Dear Mr. Owens,
It was great to speak to you about the security systems manager position. I am pleased to
report that I would like you to move on to the next level of interviews. You will speak
with the director of security, Mr. Scott, and his assistant, Ms. Kibera.
I will send another e-mail before the meeting with instructions on how to join the virtual
conference call.
Meeting date/time: January 12 at 2:30 P.M. Eastern Standard Time
Please confirm that you can make the conference call.
Sincerely.
J. Kovack
Human Relations Agent
153. What is the purpose of the e-mail?
(A) To advertise a job opening
(B) To change the time of a virtual
(C) To offer a job to a candidate
(D) To schedule an interview
meeting
154. Who is Mr. Scott?
(A) An agent in the human relations
department
(B) The head of security
(C) An applicant for a job in the security
systems department
(D) Ms. Kibera's personal assistant
Questions 155-157 refer to the following e-mail.
To:
From:
Date:
Subject:
board@sunnervalleyalliance.org
kathleen.huff@sunnervalleyalliance.org
Tuesday, August 17
Sunner Planning Commission meeting
Dear Board Members.
I am preparing to speak at the upcoming Sunner Planning Commission meeting and will
be creating a slideshow to accompany my presentation. I have some great data to reinforce
my points, but I think it will be easier for people to understand if the information is
presented visually. Is anybody interested in helping me develop the visual component of
my presentation? Some pie charts and diagrams would make a big impact in the slideshow.
The goal is to present the advantages and disadvantages of the three proposals for using
the Holt property in northeast Sunner Valley. I am hoping that the commission accepts Ken
Jansen's offer to buy the property, which is next to his land. He would expand his orchard
and this would help maintain the rural nature of northern Sunner Valley.
The speaker sign-up guidelines state that I will need to submit my presentation materials
before the agenda gets posted online, but they do not specify when this will happen. I will
call today to find out more details.
Kathleen Huff
155. What is the purpose of the e-mail?
(A) To coordinate speakers
(B) To collect more statistics
(C) To get assistance with graphics
(D) To argue against some evidence
156. What does Ms. Huff hope the planning
commission will do?
(A) Decline a proposal
(B) Tighten a restriction
(C) Preserve rural land
(D) Restore some waterways
157. What will Ms. Huff confirm?
(A) The boundaries of a property
(B) The deadline for submissions
(C) The allowed length of a presentation
(D) The regulations for new businesses
Questions 158-160 refer to the following estimate.
Waypave Hardscapes
The Finest in Residential Driveways, Walls, and Patios
ESTIMATE: #20987
DATE: 09/28
TOTAL AMOUNT: $4,000
PREPARED FOR
Lurene Toyo
23000 S Henry Street
Fairville, GA 30013
JOB DESCRIPTION
Remove grass and old concrete patio behind the house. Lay a
cement foundation for the new patio. Install Tropical Sunset tiles
per client's approved plan.
MATERIALS
Cement
Tropical Sunset tiles
Delivery of materials
Disposal of debris
Labor
TOTAL
RATE QUANTITY AMOUNT
$50 per bag $3 each
5 $250
500 $1,500
$350
$150
$1,750
$4,000
TERMS
$2,000 due upon signing of contract
$2,000 due upon completion of project
Payable by credit card, check, or bank transfer
This estimate serves as your contract. Please sign and return this
document to estimates@waypavehardscapes.com.
158. For what type of work was the estimate
created?
(A) Painting a house
(B) Paving a driveway
(C) Building a stone fence
(D) Creating an outdoor patio
159. What most likely happened before
Waypave provided the estimate?
(A) A design proposal was accepted.
(B) An old patio was removed.
(C) A discount was offered.
(D) Dirt and debris were removed from a
yard.
160. How much will Ms. Toyo owe when she
signs the contract?
(A) $1,500
(B) $1,750
(C) $2,000
(D) $4,000
Questions 161-163 refer to the following e-mail.
To: Quynh La Tran <tqla@tevanto.vn>
From: Customercare@shoppedesjeans.fr
Date: September 22
Re: Order #93887
Dear Ms. Tran:
Thank you for contacting Shoppe des Jeans Customer Care about order #93887. I am sorry
you are not happy with your purchase. - [1] -. The product you ordered, Women's
Stretch Jeans size 36 in midnight blue, is one of our best-selling women's styles. In order
to get the dark blue color that makes these jeans such a standout, the fabric is dyed twice
to deepen the color of the denim. — [2] —. The item's label clearly states that some dye
may rub off on light-colored fabric or upholstery until the product has been washed
several times. -[3] -. It also suggests washing the jeans with dark colors only, as the
dye may run in the wash.
It is unfortunate that you did not see these warnings and that your sofa has become
discolored as a result. - [4] -. Our goal at Shoppe des Jeans is 100% customer
satisfaction with every purchase. This kind of situation, however, is not covered under our
customer service guarantee, since the issue with the dye is addressed on the product's
label. I suggest you try treating the sofa with baking soda, followed by upholstery cleaner.
Regards,
Customer Care Representative, Shoppe des MOREAD Jeans
161. Why did Ms. Tran contact Shoppe des
Jeans Customer Care?
(A) She received jeans that were the wrong
color.
(B) Her jeans ruined her light-colored
clothing.
(C) She was unhappy with the style of her
jeans.
(D) Her jeans stained an item of furniture.
162. How does Ms. Olivier help Ms. Tran?
(A) By sending a new pair of jeans
(B) By offering a full refund
(C) By offering a discount on future orders
(D) By suggesting a way to fix a problem
163. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?
"Each pair of jeans comes with a large label
displaying the care instructions."
(A) [1]
(B) [2]
(C) [3]
(D) [4]
Questions 164-167 refer to the following brochure.
Lado Shopping Center
Rebbly Development is pleased to announce the approval of a new project, the Lado
Shopping Center in Springfield. This rapidly expanding city is conveniently located near
the capital, and Lado Shopping Center is set to deliver an excellent shopping experience
for all. We expect to finish construction next year.
Property Highlights
150,000 square feet of retail and
office spacе
$25 per square foot (ground floor)
$20 per square foot (upper floors)
Space available for lease or rent
Space can be custom-built in
consultation with Rebbly
Development
Area Attractions
• Located near the aquarium, several
parks, and the river
Two major access roads: Hemley
Boulevard and Route 82, with
additional connection to Highway 35
to be completed in five years
4,000 new homes to be built in
Springfield within three years
Nearby parking structure with ports
for electric vehicles to be completed
within two years
Movie theaters, amusement park,
and other attractions nearby
164. What is indicated about the new property?
(A) It will contain movie theaters.
(B) It will offer private residences.
(C) Ground-floor units cost more than
upper-level units.
(D) Parking is included for free with all
spaces.
166. What is indicated about Springfield?
ERS
165. The word "deliver" in paragraph 1, line 3, is
closest in meaning to
(A) carry
(B) provide
(C) send
(D) purchase
(A) It is owned by Rebbly Development.
(B) Its population is expected to increase.
(C) It does not have river access.
(D) Its economy is based on
manufacturing.
167. When will the connection to Highway 35 be
completed?
(A) In one year
(B) In two years
(C) In three years
(D) In five years
Questions 168-171 refer to the following text-message chain.
Jack Elling (10:35 A.M.)
Hi, everyone. Would anyone be able to come into the shop to work tonight?
Kelly is having car problems and can't work her shift.
Emily Chin (10:37 A.М.)
I can't, sorry. But aren't Maria and Koji also working? Don't we usually have two
people in the evenings?
Jack Elling (10:39 A.М.)
Yes, we usually have two people, and those two are working tonight. But we are
having our special promotion, giving away samples of our new ice cream flavors.
I need a third person to help with that.
Emily Chin (10:40 A.М.)
I'm attending a birthday party this afternoon, so I can't do it.
Cameron Stein (10:42 A.M.)
I could stay on after my day shift is over.
Emily Chin (10:43 A.M.)
Actually, I could work 6-9 P.M. if you don't want to stay. My party is only a few
hours. What do you think?
Cameron Stein (10:44 A.M.)
Well, I could really use the overtime hours.
Emily Chin (10:45 A.M.)
OK.
Jack Elling (10:46 A.М.)
Thanks, Cameron!
168. Why does Mr. Elling start the text-message
chain?
(A) To tell Ms. Chin that she missed a work
shift
(B) To ask someone to cover a work shift
(C) To extend an invitation to a special
event
(D) To ask for a ride to work
169. What is happening at the shop tonight?
(A) Staff will work on new recipes.
(B) Staff will offer free ice cream tastings.
(C) Staff will participate in a training
session.
(D) Staff will hold a going-away party for a
colleague.
170. Where is Ms. Chin going today?
(A) To Mr. Stein's house
(B) To a car repair shop
(C) To a party
(D) To a movie
171. At 10:44 A.M., what does Mr. Stein most
likely mean when he writes, "Well, I could
really use the overtime hours"?
(A) He is accepting Ms. Chin's apology.
(B) He is declining Ms. Chin's offer.
(C) He enjoys working at the shop.
(D) He prefers to work in the evening.
