PART 6
Directions: Read the texts that follow. A word, phrase, or sentence is missing in parts of each text.
Four answer choices for each question are given below the text. Select the best answer to complete
the text. Then mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
Questions 131-134 refer to the following e-mail.
To: All Staff
From: George Ruiz
Date: Wednesday, 18 July
Subject: Important guests
Food critics from two newspapers, the Toronto Day and Toronto Rising, are expected to dine 131.
here this week. Let's make a special effort to do our work flawlessly.
Photographs of the critics will be placed at our welcome station. Using these--, hosts will be 132.
responsible for identifying the critics and telling the wait staff, who should alert the kitchen.
Servers must strive to be prompt. They should also recommend our daily specials.
133. AVEDD CITE
I am confident that everyone ------- these critics with our great food and service. 134.
Thank you,
George Ruiz
General Manager
131. (A) local
(B) locals
(C) locally
(D) more locally
132. (A) reviews
(B) issues
(C) menus
(D) images
133. (A) These are the most creative dishes we
offer.
134.
(B) We have already placed an
advertisement.
(C) Work schedules are posted by the rear
entrance.
(D) One of them was unhappy with the
timing.
(A) impressed
(B) will impress
(C) is impressing
(D) has impressed
Questions 135-138 refer to the following article.
Cherville Simplifies Local Tourism
10 May-The city of Cherville boasts charming architecture and a breathtaking countryside that
has long been appreciated by residents. Thanks to the recent introduction of a train service,
tourists are now able to ------ 125 the city as well. As a result of Cherville's rise in popularity, existing 135.
tourism-related businesses are booming. 136.
To help tourists and businesses, the Cherville Commerce Bureau has debuted the Citycard. When
swiped, the card automatically applies-- at local businesses and attractions. The Bureau 137.
believes that the Citycard will please tourists, who will benefit from lower prices. the card 138.
should encourage retail traffic, leading to increased profits for businesses.
135. (A) revisit
(B) enjoy
(C) depart MEMM 137. (A) discounts
(D) bypas
(B) discounted
(C) to discount
(D) discounting
136. (A) Furthermore, the architect will be 138. (A) Instead
building a tower.
(B) The mayor will be giving a welcome
speech.
(C) The train allows locals to travel more
easily.
(D) In fact, restaurants and hotels keep
opening.
(B) Until then
(C) At the same time
(D) Despite that
Questions 139-142 refer to the following memo.
To: All Macaw Store Managers
From: Mary Van Vliet, Chief Technology Officer
Date: 22 May
Re: Payment system upgrade
Next week new payment processing terminals will be installed at each sales register in Macaw stores
located in St. Thomas. Payment System 4.0 ------ in our stores in Puerto Rico for several months. 139.
So far, no issues with the system have been reported by ------- customers or managers there. 140.
It is faster and handles more transaction types than the current payment system. It also 141
eliminates the need for ------- verification of transactions under $25.00. 142.
Please feel free to contact me with any questions about the installation.
139. (A) to operate
(B) will operate
(C) is operating
(D) has operated
140. (A) like
(B) extra
(C) either
(D) total
EMM 142. (A) available
(B) additional
(C) reserved
(D) economical
141. (A) Payment System 4.0 offers a variety of
benefits.
(B) New payroll software will be released
soon.
(C) We are having a special sale in June.
(D) I will e-mail each of you the exact
installation date.
Questions 143-146 refer to the following review.
App Review: Forward Path
In the world of ------- apps, those developed by Arvedlon, Inc., stand out for their innovation and 143.
ease of use. The newly released Forward Path app ------- tablets and smartphones is no 144.
exception. Forward Path connects with home exercise equipment such as stationary bicycles
and rowing machines. Users can select video footage of dozens of real-world routes. Then they
can choose from several speed options -------the video to the pace of their workouts. 145.
While nothing can replace an outdoor workout, Forward Path comes closer than any 146.
other app currently on the market. Our testers highly recommend it.
143. (A) translation
(B) fitness
(C) landscaping
(D) navigation
144. (A) into
(B) by
(C) near
(D) for
145. (A) to time
(B) time
(C) are timing
(D) timed
146. (A) They can even specify the weather
conditions and season.
(B) The choices are somewhat limited
compared to other apps.
(C) At this price, it should be very popular.
(D) The minimum is 30 minutes a day.
