PART 7
Directions: In this part you will read a selection of texts, such as magazine and newspaper articles,
e-mails, and instant messages. Each text or set of texts is followed by several questions. Select the
best answer for each question and mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
Questions 147-148 refer to the following notice.
Area Traffic Alert and Transportation Authority Update
The Regional Transportation Authority will begin repairing and replacing
signs on Highway 675 in January. The new signs are designed to be
more reflective and thus easier to read. They will also be better
located.
Most of the activity will entail partial closures of thruway lanes at night
when the traffic volume is lowest. Vehicular traffic during the daytime
will not be affected. The work is expected to last six to eight weeks; all
scheduled activities are weather dependent.
147. What is the purpose of the notice? 148. What is a feature of the new signs?
(A) To warn about increased traffic
(B) To outline work-zone safety tips
(C) To describe an improvement project
(D) To announce plans for a new highway B
(A) They will last much longer.
(B) They come in many colors.
(C) They are significantly larger.
(D) They offer improved readability.
Questions 149-150 refer to the following form.
Lorene Industries
Reimbursement Request Form
Name: Timothy Oswell Supervisor's name: Laura Cho
Department: Advertising
ID: 8123976
Position: Project manager
Itemized expenses:
Date Description Cost
28/1 Travel to meeting £3
28/1 Lunch with Yannick Le Mignon, Mazzira Group £55
28/1 Return travel to office £3
Total reimbursement £61
Funds will not be issued to employees without itemized receipts. Credits for claimed
reimbursements will be added to the employee's regular biweekly paycheck. Amounts
over £100 will not be processed during the current pay period. Instead, they will be
reimbursed at the end of the following quarter.
Employee signature: Timothy Oswell
Supervisor signature: Laura Cho
Form received date: 30/1 Receipts attached? Yes
Finance department reimbursement officer approval: Tia Jegerfalk
149. What can be reimbursed using the form?
(A) Only amounts less than £100
(B) Only transportation costs
(C) Only charges submitted with a receipt
(D) Only the expenses of senior staff
members
150. What is suggested about Mr. Oswell?
(A) He used a company credit card.
(B) He gets paid at the end of every week.
(C) He conducted business with a new
client.
(D) He will receive a credit with his next
paycheck.
Questions 151-153 refer to the following e-mail.
To: All Staff
From: Takashi Imura
Sent: Thursday, October 07, 9:04 A.M.
Subject: Elevator inspections
The City Code Enforcement Office will perform annual elevator inspections beginning at
11:00 A.M. tomorrow. — [1] —. The purpose is to ensure that our elevators meet all safety
requirements. Our elevators are well maintained, so I do not anticipate any problems.
There will be periods when individual elevators will be out of service. -[2] -. However,
at least one elevator in the building will be in service at any given time. The testing is
officially scheduled to last until 2:00 P.M. I will send an e-mail to let you know when all
elevators are in service again. - [3] -. A message will also be posted on the building's
Facilities Web site.
We apologize for any inconvenience caused by the inspection process, and we will work to
minimize the impact on staff and clients using the building. - [4] -.
Takashi Imura, Building Supervisor
151. How often are the elevators inspected?
(A) Once a month
(B) Every six months
(C) Once a year
(D) Every two years
152. Why might the inspection be inconvenient
for staff and clients?
(A) Offices on the top floor will be closed
after 11:00 A.м.
(B) An elevator they often use may not be
working.
(C) The elevators will be out of service until
2:00 Р.м. Monday.
(D) Officials may have to operate some
elevators for riders.
153. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?
"Thank you for your patience, and let me
know if you have any questions."
(A) [1]
(B) [2]
(C) [3]
(D) [4]
Questions 154-155 refer to the following online chat discussion.
Katie Milerre: (10:36 А.M.)
Mr. del Mar, I'm finalizing the catering order for next month's client-appreciation banquet. We
haven't received responses from our clients at Hartford and Mason Law Firm. Should I call to
confirm with them?
Alberto del Mar: (10:38 A.M.)
No, that's not necessary. I spoke with Mr. Hartford yesterday, and he told me they won't be
able to make it. They'll be traveling out of state for an appointment that day.
Katie Milerre: (10:39 A.M.)
I see. Would you like me to have a gift basket sent to their office since they won't be attending?
Alberto del Mar: (10:41 A.M.)
Yes. Please also include a gift card to the restaurant where the banquet is being held and an
invitation to attend lunch with me there at a later date.
Katie Milerre: (10:42 А.M.)
Certainly. I will bring the card to your office this afternoon for a signature.
Alberto del Mar: (10:42 A.M.)
Thank you, Katie.
154. What is indicated about Mr. Hartford?
(A) He is unable to attend an upcoming
event.
(B) He will contact Ms. Milerre in the
afternoon.
(C) He is organizing a conference.
(D) He has not made travel plans yet.
155. At 10:39 A.M., what does Ms. Milerre most
likely mean when she says, "I see"?
 (A) She is looking at some information
about a client.
(B) She understands an explanation
provided by Mr. del Mar.
(C) She is currently viewing some
photographs of gift baskets.
(D) She knows that Mr. del Mar wants her
to purchase a card.
Questions 156-157 refer to the following information.
I have spent most of my life in the woods of rural Colorado, where I have always looked
to the beauty of nature for inspiration. My plates, bowls, and cutting boards are hand
carved from pieces of wood that were foraged from fallen trees that I discovered while
on various hikes through the forest.
Each object in my wooden kitchenware collection is one of a kind and has been carved
to bring out the natural curves and grain patterns of the wood. These unique pieces can
last a lifetime if stored and treated properly. They should never be left to soak in water,
as prolonged exposure to water will cause them to warp. It is also a good idea to apply a
light coat of mineral oil from time to time to prevent the colors from fading. For more
tips on how to best protect your natural wood product from deterioration, visit
www.hollyhollingsworth.com. Thank you for purchasing my products!
-Holly Hollingsworth
156. Where would the information most likely be
found?
(A) Inside a package with a product
(B) Near a piece of art in a museum
(C) In an article in a nature magazine
(D) In an advertisement in a newspaper
157. According to the information, what can
readers do on a Web site?
(A) Browse new items available for sale
(B) Compare the different types of wood
(C) Read detailed product-care instructions
(D) Learn about wood-carving techniques
Questions 158-160 refer to the following form.
Pernely Hotel
Thank you for choosing Pernely Hotel for your recent event! Please take a moment
to fill out this survey. We hope you will share your positive experience with associates
and friends. If we receive a booking based on your referral, we will give you a
5% discount on the cost of your next event.
Customer name and e-mail: Aika Otani, a.otani@bipmail.com
Event date:
Event location:
April 6
Oakwood Dining Room
Please rate the following aspects of your experience with us. (N/A = not applicable)
Quality of food
Quantity of food
Friendliness of staff
Room setup/atmosphere
Poor Fair Good Excellent N/A
Overnight accommodations ☑
Comments/Suggestions:
The Pernely event coordinator provided excellent support in
putting this annual event together. The food was delicious-the
guests raved about the roast chicken! The dining room got quite
noisy as it filled up. We will plan to use Pernely again next year,
though we will definitely request a different room.
158. How can Ms. Otani become eligible for a
discount?
(A) By booking an event before April 6
(B) By referring someone who books an
event
(C) By reserving a block of hotel rooms
(D) By completing an online survey
159. What problem did Ms. Otani experience?
(A) There was too much noise.
(B) There was not enough food.
(C) The menu was limited.
(D) The room was small.
160. What is NOT indicated on the form?
(A) The guests enjoyed the food.
(B) The event was held in the Oakwood
Dining Room.
(C) Many of Ms. Otani's guests stayed
overnight.
(D) A Pernely Hotel staff member helped
with planning.
Questions 161-163 refer to the following article.
CAPE TOWN (26 October)-Locally based
Roebling Vision announced yesterday that it
will be merging with Novianto Technology,
headquartered in Nairobi, Kenya. This action
will allow Roebling Vision to expand its
research division to include a team that
specializes in cutting-edge vision technology.
"There is no doubt that we will be releasing
new eyewear solutions in the upcoming year,"
said Roebling Vision CEO Obakeng Van Dyk.
"With our joint efforts, there will be no limit to
what we can do."
Before the two companies join forces,
Roebling Vision's laboratories in
Johannesburg will be expanded to be able to
accommodate a much larger workforce.
Headquartered here in Cape Town, Roebling
Vision has centres throughout the country. Its
popularity grew about ten years ago, after
several South African celebrities began
wearing Roebling glasses. The company is
best known for manufacturing eyeglasses and
contact lenses. Less known is the fact that it
also has a small division devoted to research
and technology located in Johannesburg.
161. What is the purpose of the article? nhatretspvptsetoatet B
(B) To report on the opening of a vision
center
(C) To announce the uniting of two
companies
(D) To discuss recent fashion trends
162. What will Roebling Vision do soon?
(A) Increase its laboratory capacity
(B) Move its headquarters to Nairobi
(C) Discontinue a product line
(D) Hire a new CEO
The phrase "devoted to" in paragraph 4,
line 8, is closest in meaning to
(A) admiring of
(B) focused on
(C) elected to
(D) supported by
Questions 164-167 refer to the following online chat discussion.
Marguerite Ogus (9:30 A.M.)
Hi, team. How are we progressing on the free Healthy Lifestyle series for our employees?
Peter Jellis (9:31 A.M.)
As we discussed at our lunch meeting in the cafeteria in February, we're starting with nutrition.
Taewon Yoon (9:31 A.М.)
I talked to Adam Rickert, who writes the column on healthy living for our hospital newsletter.
Peter Jellis (9:32 A.M.)
So are we on target to start the series on March 1, Taewon?
Marguerite Ogus (9:33 A.M.)
Marvelous. I remember seeing his interview on television about the need for quality sleep.
Is he comfortable with presenting live in front of people?
Peter Jellis (9:34 A.M.)
Well, last month he delivered a major conference presentation.
Taewon Yoon (9:34 A.M.)
Yes. Adam Rickert committed to doing the first three sessions in the series.
Peter
Good.
 Jellis
 What
 (9:36
 about
 A.M.)
 the room?)MOREAD
The atrium on the north side of the hospital has been reserved through May for the full series.
Taewon Yoon (9:37 A.M.)
And we have already chosen the second topic in the series: physical fitness.
Marguerite Ogus (9:38 A.M.)
Excellent. Let's move on to picking the third speaker of the series, who will discuss the
importance of social relationships in our April sessions.
164. What is suggested about the speaker
series?
(A) It will include lunch.
(B) It will be held in a hospital.
(C) It will be open to the public.
(D) It will be shown on television.
165. At 9:33 A.M., what does Ms. Ogus mean
when she writes, "Marvelous"?
(A) She is satisfied with the latest
newsletter.
(B) She is pleased that Mr. Jellis has joined
the chat.
(C) She is happy with Mr. Yoon's choice of
speaker.
(D) She is glad to speak as part of the
series.
166. When is Mr. Rickert scheduled to speak?
167.
(A) In February
(B) In March
(C) In April
(D) In May
According to the chat, what topic will most
likely NOT be discussed in the speaker
series?
(A) Physical exercise
(B) Eating well
(C) Sleep habits
(D) Healthy relationships
Questions 168-171 refer to the following report.
LONG ISLAND REGIONAL ENeRgy AutHORITY
Residential Audit
Prepared for customer: Darrah Henninger
Property address: 337 Barrel Street, Hempstead, NY 11550
Reason for audit request: The customer reported unusually high energy bills and an
inefficient cooling system during the warmest months.
Date of visit: August 26
Inspection summary: The building size is approximately 366 square meters, and
there is an exterior air-conditioning unit on the west side of the structure. - [1] -
The unit was installed new and is six years old.
The size of the cooling unit is more than sufficient for the building size. — [2] -
However, the return air flows through a vent that is too small. Expanding the current
vent size or creating an additional vent on an adjacent wall will correct this issue.
The building has a vaulted metal roof that is poorly insulated. Reinsulating the roof is
recommended. - [3] -. The use of ceiling fans on the upper level should be avoided
in the warm months. Because the roof is not insulated well, the fans use an excessive
amount of energy to combat the heat transfer through the ceiling during the summer,
and therefore the rooms cannot be adequately cooled.
This audit has been performed by a certified energy auditor. - [4] -
Audit prepared by: Kevin Anders
(A) She would like to enlarge her living
space.
168. Why most likely did Ms. Henninger request
the audit service?
170. What does Mr. Anders advise about the
ceiling fans?
(A) They should be replaced.
(B) She needs some heating equipment
repaired.
(B) They should be reinstalled in other
locations.
(C) She is interested in purchasing a
property.
(C) They should be used instead of the
air-conditioning unit.
(D) She wants to lower her summer energy
costs.
(D) They should be turned off for part of the
year.
171.
169. What is indicated about the air-conditioning
unit?
In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?
(A) It is an adequate size.
(B) It has a satisfactory venting system. "This should be a top priority."
(C) It is a discontinued model. (A) [1]
(D) It has been producing warm air. (B) [2]
(C) [3]
(D) [4]
Questions 172-175 refer to the following conference schedule.
Conference Schedule for May 25
7:00-8:00 А.м. Registration (main auditorium, ground floor)
8:00-9:15 A.M. Software Solutions
Learn about the latest and best software systems for keeping track of fleets and product
shipments and for facilitating communication between drivers and dispatchers.
Instructor: Nicklas Massen
9:30-10:30 A.м. Air Cargo Units
Explore new insights into air cargo operations in the areas of domestic and overseas
transport, calculating rates and charges, safeguarding valuable items, and troubleshooting
possible complications.
Instructor: Ezinne Chioke
10:45-11:45 A.м. Effective Driver Training
It's the law! The National Transportation Council holds employers responsible for ensuring
that all drivers are familiar with government laws and requirements. The latest rule updates
will be addressed as will tips on how to organize an effective training program.
Instructor: Ching-Lien Wu
12:00-1:00 P.м. Maintaining Vehicle Fleets
Examine recent trends in managing fleets of vehicles (cars, buses, trucks, and delivery
equipment), which include anticipating and controlling the costs associated with vehicles,
mechanics, drivers, vendors, and fuel consumption.
Instructor: Nicklas Massen
All sessions will be held in the Geneva Conference Room on the fourth floor, except the 12 P.М.
session, which will be held in the Harkness Conference Room on the second floor. Presenters
who need help setting up should see Facilities staff in room G14.
172. Who most likely would attend the
conference?
(A) Transportation company owners
(B) Computer software programmers
(C) Truck and bus drivers
(D) Business management professors
173. What is NOT a subject likely to be covered
during the 9:30 A.M. session?
(A) Pricing
(B) International shipments
(C) Solving common difficulties
(D) Improving staff communication
174. When will the session on following
regulations be held?
(A) At 8:00 А.м.
(B) At 9:30 A.M.
(C) At 10:45 А.м.
(D) At 12:00 Р.м.
175. Where will Ms. Chioke lead her session?
(A) In the main auditorium
(B) In the Geneva Conference Room
(C) In the Harkness Conference Room
(D) In room G14
Questions 176-180 refer to the following sales report and e-mail.
Placid Moon Coffee
March Sales Report-Prepared April 4 by Cora Lin, Store Manager
In-Store Sales of All Products
Product Revenue Notes
Coffee, whole bean, one-pound bags $14,000
Coffee, prepared drinks $18,200
Tea, prepared drinks $5,500
Bottled drinks $2,200
Baked goods $3,400
Retail (nonperishable goods) $750
March Promotion
Customer loyalty program N/A
Overall, sales revenue was higher. Bags of whole-bean
Misty Heights Blend were a top seller, bringing in just over $3,000.
A number of drinks were not offered while the espresso
machine was being serviced. Sales should recover in April.
Sales are comparable with previous months.
Sales are comparable with previous months.
This is a 7 percent increase from last month.
Placid Moon Coffee mugs are still out of stock as our
vendor has not yet fulfilled our order.
Few loyalty discount cards were distributed to customers
this month. We should better train staff in promoting this
benefit.
*E-mail*
To: coralin@placidmooncoffee.com
From: tyrellharris@placidmooncoffee.com
Date: April 4, 6:23 P.M.
Subject: Re: March sales report
Thank you for promptly submitting your March report. I'm pleased with the strong sales
of the new whole-bean product we introduced last month. Let's keep a close eye on
sales of this coffee blend through April. We may be able to add it to our regular lineup.
I like your suggestion regarding the customer loyalty program. In addition, I propose
putting up a poster advertising the cards by the registers and another one in the
employee lounge. Please inform me at the end of the month if these efforts have an
impact.
Finally, I have good news to share. Yukihiro Asakawa began serving our Bold Macaw
variety at his flagship restaurant in December, and he now wants Placid Moon to be the
exclusive provider for all his restaurants. This expansion of our business is all thanks to
you, since you introduced Mr. Asakawa to our coffee not long ago.
Tyrell Harris
Placid Moon Coffee, Owner
176. What product sold less than expected?
(A) Prepared coffee drinks
(B) Prepared tea drinks
(C) Bottled drinks
(D) Baked goods
177. What problem does Ms. Lin have?
(A) Some desserts did not sell as desired.
(B) Some mugs have not been delivered.
(C) Some coffee beans are out of stock.
(D) Some posters have unclear information.
178. What does Ms. Lin recommend?
179. What is suggested about the Misty Heights
Blend?
(A) It was offered for the first time in March.
(B) It will no longer be sold by Placid Moon
Coffee.
(C) It is more expensive than other types of
coffee.
(D) It has a stronger flavor than other
blends.
180. What is most likely true about Ms. Lin?
(A) She agreed to take on an added
responsibility.
(A) A better espresso machine should be
purchased.
(B) She requested a new espresso maker
from Mr. Harris.
(B) The customer loyalty program should
be discontinued.
(C) She recommended products to
Mr. Asakawa.
(C) Part-time staff should be hired on a
permanent basis.
(D) She renovated the employee lounge.
(D) Employees should receive additional
training.
Questions 181-185 refer to the following article and online application.
Audition for a TV Baking Show
DUNMORE, PA-Think you have what it
takes to be the next baking star? Get your
cake pans and pastry brushes ready because
the popular baking competition show,
Toni's Baking Ace, has just scheduled
auditions for its fifth season!
Toni's Baking Ace has become a huge
TV hit since it premiered five years ago.
The show is named for its celebrated host,
pastry chef Adrianna Toni. Long before
becoming a TV celebrity, she founded
multinational bakery chain TKL Creations
and published Dolce Dancing, a dessert
cookbook that has become a classic.
If you are an amateur baker, that is, if
you have never baked as part of a business,
you stand a chance of appearing on Toni's
Baking Ace. The first step is to complete
an online application. The show's
producers will select about 50 promising
candidates and send each an invitation for
an in-person interview. Those who make it
through this first round will attend an
intensive two-day baking audition in front
of the TV judges. From this audition,
sixteen lucky finalists will be selected as
participants to compete for the Baking Ace
title!
Have your baked goods always
impressed your family and friends? Do not
hesitate to submit your application-and get
baking!
http://www.tonisbakingace.com
Home Recipes Video Audition Application
Name: Dennis Farah
Phone: 414-555-0112
E-mail: dfarah@chemail.com
Current Occupation:
I have been working as a high school chemistry teacher for the past nine years.
When did you begin to bake, and how did you learn?
I started baking with my father when I was five years old. He loved to bake for family and
friends, and I became his kitchen assistant. I can remember researching cooking techniques,
watching baking shows, and developing some of my own recipes.
Do you have a specialty item?
Pies, especially because I like to experiment with new pie filling.
• Why do you want to be on the show?
I am passionate about baking. I have been watching Toni's Baking Ace since it first aired, and
it has greatly increased my own skills, as I have tried out many top recipes that I've seen on
the show. Last week a friend heard about this audition, and she persuaded me to submit an
application.
• Have you ever marketed and sold any baked goods?
My formal baking experience amounts to donating cupcakes to be sold at our school's annual
Christmas sale to support the school's sports programs.
Please upload a 60-second video introducing yourself and showing a baked creation
of yours. Go to the Video tab to upload your video.
181. What does the article indicate about Toni's
Baking Ace?
(A) It accepts teenagers as contestants.
(B) It often selects international
participants.
(C) It awards prize money to winners.
(D) It is hosted by a famous author.
182. In the article, the word "hit" in paragraph 2,
line 2, is closest in meaning to
(A) success
(B) impact
(C) expense
(D) encouragement
183. What requirement is mentioned in the
online application?
(A) Signing a contract
(B) Passing a baking speed competition
(C) Including an introductory video
(D) Participating in a past contest
184. What does Mr. Farah state in his
application?
(A) He has a kitchen assistant.
(B) He is an educator.
(C) He has never watched the show.
(D) His father will soon appear on the
show.
185. Why most likely does Mr. Farah give details
about an annual event?
(A) To show how popular his baking is
(B) To indicate he is familiar with contests
(C) To provide evidence that he is not a
professional baker
(D) To prove he can bake with limited
equipment
Questions 186-190 refer to the following Web page, form, and e-mail.
https://www.lanarktheater.org/advertise
Advertise with Lanark Theater!
When you place an advertisement in our printed programs, your business will be seen by
thousands of our patrons. Our upcoming season has just been announced, and we have
an exciting lineup of theater, music, and dance groups that will perform throughout the
year. You can feature your business in our programs for a full year or a partial year and
also choose the size of your advertisement. The basic advertising options are as follows.
Description Full Page Half Page Quarter Page
Full year (12 months) $4,165 $2,200 $1,700
Half year (6 months) $2,550 $1,120 $780
Quarter year (3 months) $1,330 $760 $440
One-time advertisement $440 $300 $150
Keep in mind that full-year advertisers receive a special discount card that is good for
15% off tickets for any Lanark Theater event for the duration of the advertising contract!
To get started, submit an advertisement request form. We will contact you to help
you select the most suitable advertising package. The request form can be found at
www.lanarktheater.org/advertisement-request.
Lanark Theater
Advertisement Request Form
Name: Louise Sanderson
E-mail: I.sanderson@stanmorebistro.com
Phone: 716-555-0145
Company: Stanmore Bistro
Have you advertised with us before? No
How did you learn about this advertising opportunity?
I frequently see performances at Lanark Theater. Not too long ago, I noticed that a
friend's business is being advertised in your programs. He is the owner of Braedale
Apparel, and he has highly recommended that I advertise my own business in your
program as well. I certainly think that Lanark Theater patrons would enjoy dining
at my bistro!
What type of advertisement are you interested in?
Full year_ Half year ✗ Quarter year_ One-time Not sure
What is your maximum budget? $850
To:
From:
Subject:
Date:
Dear Mr. Ritchie,
Maciej Ritchie <m.ritchie@braedaleapparel.com>
Rosa Chokphel <rosa.chokphel@lanarktheater.org>
Advertisement renewal
December 13
Thank you for renewing Braedale Apparel's advertisement package for the upcoming
season. You are once again confirmed for a quarter-page advertisement for the full year.
We at Lanark Theater could not fulfill our mission of offering the community rich and
thought-provoking artistic performances without the help of local businesses like yours!
We also want to thank you for your recent referral. Because of your recommendation,
Louise Sanderson will be advertising in our programs. Your support is greatly appreciated!
All the best,
Rosa Chokphel
Marketing Associate, Lanark Theater
186. What is the purpose of the Web page?
(A) To promote upcoming shows
(B) To review recent performances
(C) To announce advertising opportunities
(D) To profile the lineup of performers
187. What is mentioned about Lanark Theater?
(A) It offers a variety of artistic
(B) It
performances.
advertises in a local newspaper.
(C) It has only recently opened.
(D) It features performances exclusively
from local groups.
188. What type of business does Ms. Sanderson
own?
(A) An advertising company
(B) A clothing store
(C) A theater
(D) A restaurant
189. What advertisement option will
Ms. Sanderson most likely purchase?
(A) A full-page advertisement
(B) A half-page advertisement
(C) A quarter-page advertisement
(D) A one-time advertisement
190. What is suggested about Mr. Ritchie?
(A) He is a co-owner at Stanmore Bistro.
(B) He will receive discounted tickets.
(C) He has upgraded his advertising
package.
(D) He prefers music performances to
dance performances.
Questions 191-195 refer to the following Web page and e-mails.
http://www.cheverlyartmuseum.com
To:
Home About Exhibits Summer Program Contact
After viewing our world-class art exhibits, come and enjoy some free music during
Cheverly Art Museum's tenth annual Summer Concert Series. From July 14 through
August 4, musical performances will be held either on our Atrium Stage near the
main entrance or on our Chillum Stage in the outdoor plaza. Concerts are held from
7-9 PM. Tickets are $10 in advance or $15 at the door, if still available.
July 14 Atrium Stage
Local trio Killaloe Sounds will start our series off with lively traditional Irish music.
July 21 Atrium Stage
Renowned jazz pianist Lillian Cathey will play soulful songs from her Keyboard Sway
recording, which has been a best seller for over five years.
July 28 Chillum Stage
The nationally renowned Tulla Stompers play traditional American folk music. The
performance will feature Rhianon Lewis on lead vocals, Hector IFreeman on banjo,
Lynn Truman on mandolin, and Wyatt Davenport on fiddle.
August 4 Chillum Stage
The Hennessy String Quartet will play selections from their recent recording,
Summertime Classics.
From:
Rhianon Lewis <rhianon.lewis@tgd.com>
James Sabo <j.sabo@cheverlyartmuseum.com>
Subject: Summer concert performance
Date: July 17
Dear Ms. Lewis:
am the program coordinator for the Cheverly Art Museum. We are so excited to have
you perform with us this season. Our concerts are always well received and well attended.
Please note that we run a sound check onstage an hour before each performance to make
sure that all equipment is working properly, so we recommend that musicians arrive by at
least two hours before the scheduled start time. Also, if you or your bandmates need
tickets for friends or family members, please let me know, and I will be happy to
coordinate it. Tickets are no longer available, but we have a few seats reserved that I can
offer you.
I look forward to meeting you!
Sincerely,
James Sabo
Program Coordinator, Cheverly Art Museum
*E-mail*
To: James Sabo <j.sabo@cheverlyartmuseum.com>
From: Rhianon Lewis <rhianon.lewis@tgd.com>
Subject: RE: Summer concert performance
Date: July 17
Hi, James,
Thanks for the information. I will be driving with the group from Arlington, so we are
all set for transportation. We plan to arrive at 5:30 p.m.
On a separate matter, I hope it is not too late to request a change in venue. I came to
see the July 14 performance, and the group that performed then showed a video on the
screen behind them as they played. My group also has images and videos that we would
like to display during our performance. I've spoken with the stage manager, and he said
that our scheduled space would not allow for such a setup. While these elements are not
a necessary part of our show, our audiences have found them to be very powerful; thus,
we would love to incorporate them if we can.
Thank you,
Rhianon MOREA
191. What does the Web page indicate about the
concert series?
(A) It is held every year.
(C)
(B)

It
It

focuses
is open

only
on classical
 to museum
 music.
 members.
(D) It is organized by a well-known artist.
192. According to the Web page, what act has
recently recorded music?
(A) Killaloe Sounds
(B) Lillian Cathey
(C) The Tulla Stompers
(D) The Hennessy String Quartet
193. What is suggested about the Tulla Stompers
concert?
(A) It has already sold out.
(B) It will begin two hours early.
(C) It will feature a local guest musician.
(D) It has been moved to a different date.
194. According to the first e-mail, why should
musicians arrive early?
(A) To find parking
(B) To sign a contract
(C) To test sound equipment
(D) To select a stage manager
195. What is indicated about Ms. Lewis?
(A) She recorded a song with Lillian
Cathey.
(B) She has requested transportation to
Cheverly Art Museum.
(C) She has never used video in her
performance before.
(D) She attendeda performance by
Killaloe Sounds.
Questions 196-200 refer to the following table of contents, Web page, and blog post.
Business Outlook Monthly
Articles in the March Issue:
The Right Candidates Page 11
Spot the applicant that will make a difference. Doug Tenor spoke with four
managers about their approach to interviewing.
The Right Questions Page 27
How do the big international corporations look for new employees? Lilly Zimble
visits three of the biggest HR departments in the world to see what goes into job
postings and recruiting.
Being There Page 38
Gina Pimentel looks at the strengths and weaknesses of virtual conferencing.
What is the future for distance meetings, and is this what we want? While useful
for brief meetings, will they ever excel for longer interactions? Surprisingly, some
studies show that virtual conferencing has little effect on employee engagement.
Benefits of the Phrase Book Page 44
Melissa Dyson shares tips on communicating with locals when conducting
business abroad. Clients warm to visitors who make the effort to learn some
of their language.
Extended Stay
Greg McDaniel went to five hotels in five weeks to experience their extended-stay
options. He details each hotel's pros and cons.
Page 52
http://www.farolgrandehotel.com/updates
The Farol Grande Hotel-Updates
We recently learned that we were reviewed in the March issue of Business Outlook Monthly
magazine! The review was performed by an "undercover operation"-the reporter used a
fictional name, posed as a regular guest, and stayed with us for five nights-so we didn't
know he was here until we saw the article! Access the magazine here to read the thorough
analysis of our facilities: http://www.bom.com/currentissues/march.
Business Outlook Monthly
To the Editor:
I read with interest Gina Pimentel's take on the status of
videoconferencing and other virtual meeting technologies.
Although I sympathize with the author's sentiment that
video and conference calls are no real alternative to
meetings in person, it seems to be the trend of the future.
But even with recent technological advances, in my
experience, videoconferences are most effective for short
meetings such as status checks. When it comes to
negotiations, however, there is nothing like face-to-face
interactions.
-Emre Osman
196. How are the first two articles in the
magazine similar?
(A) Both discuss employee hiring practices.
(B) Both focus on new uses of technology.
(C) Both discuss how a new position is
advertised.
(D) Both critique negative interview
behaviors.
197. On what page is there advice for
international travelers?
(A) Page 11
(B) Page 27
(C) Page 38
(D) Page 44
198. According to the Web page, what did the
reporter do?
(A) He visited the hotel in March.
(B) He hid his real identity.
(C) He canceled a reservation.
(D) He arrived late at night.
199. Who stayed at the Farol Grande Hotel?
200.
(A) Mr. Tenor
(B) Ms. Zimble
(C) Ms. Dyson
(D) Mr. McDaniel
On what do Ms. Pimentel and Mr. Osman
agree about virtual meetings?
(A) They increase employee engagement.
(B) They should be phased out in the
future.
(C) They should replace in-person
meetings.
(D) They work well for quick exchanges of
information.
