PART 7
Directions: In this part you will read a selection of texts, such as magazine and newspaper articles,
e-mails, and instant messages. Each text or set of texts is followed by several questions. Select the
best answer for each question and mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
Questions 147-148 refer to the following form.
Lastico Employee Badge
Application Form
To receive a new Lastico employee badge, please fill out the following form.
Write in pen only. Please PRINT clearly.
Name LAURA CONSTANTINI
Employee No. 2378
Division CUSTOMER SUPPORT
Employed at Lastico since FEB 10
My previous badge expired ☐ was lostwas damaged
(Leave blank if you are applying for the first time)
Submitted AUG 2 Signed Constantini
147. Why did Ms. Constantini fill out the form?
(A) To authorize a charge to her credit card
(B) To be assigned to a new company
division
(C) To request a document renewal
(D) To report lost equipment
148. What instructions are included?
(A) Where to send the form
(B) How to complete the form
(C) When to submit the application
(D) What documentation to attach
Questions 149-150 refer to the following advertisement.
★★★★★★★★
VACANCY
The Golden Lagoon has been serving Montego Bay for 18 years. We are an award-winning restaurant with a reputation that spans the Caribbean. Currently we
have vacancies for the position of waitstaff. Duties include taking customers' orders,
serving food and beverages, preparing itemized bills, and accepting payments.
Experience is preferred but not required. We offer an excellent hourly rate and
flexible work schedule. Apply in person, supplying a résumé and three employment references.
The Golden Lagoon
Shahine Kincaid, Manager
135 Concertina Dr.
Montego Bay, Jamaica
Business hours: Monday-Friday, 11:00 A.м.-11:00 P.M.
Saturday and Sunday, noon-10:00 Р.м.
★★★★★★★★
149. What is stated about The Golden Lagoon?
(A) It is closed on Sundays.
(B) It regularly has positions available.
(C) It has been in business for over a
decade.
(D) It was bought by Ms. Kincaid eighteen
years ago.
150. What is mentioned about job applicants?
(A) They will be working on a fixed
schedule.
(B) They must go to the restaurant to file
their job request.
(C) They must have worked in a restaurant
before.
(D) They will learn how to cook Jamaican
dishes.
Questions 151-152 refer to the following e-mail.
*E-mail*
To:
From:
Staff
Asta Lindstrom
Subject: Reminder
Date: 11 April
To All Staff:
This is a reminder that the water in the Tolliver building will be temporarily shut off
tomorrow at 8 a.m. while repairs are completed. I understand that most employees who
work in the building will be off-site at a software training session and will not be
affected.
For those of you who will be working in Tolliver tomorrow, the Hillcrest Water
Department has assured me that the water will be off for no more than four hours. We
will provide complimentary bottled water in the lobby for all staff during this time. The
cafeteria will remain closed until the water has been turned on again. At that point meal
service and food sales will resume. I apologize for the inconvenience.
Sincerely,
Facilities Manager AEMMOREAD
151. What will happen tomorrow?
(A) New computers will arrive.
(B) Maintenance work will be done.
(C) A new employment policy will take
effect.
(D) The location of a training session will
be announced.
152. What will employees NOT be able to do in
the Tolliver building in the morning?
(A) Use new software
(B) Drink bottled water
(C) Purchase food items
(D) Walk through the lobby
Questions 153-154 refer to the following text-message chain.
Nicole Fernandez [12:23 P.M.]
Tad, this is just to let you know I'll be
in Amherst next Monday.
Tad Yates
What's going on?
[12:25 P.M.]
Nicole Fernandez [12:26 P.M.]
Our Amherst office requested a training
session. Their instructor has to take
an unexpected trip, and they need a
substitute.
Tad Yates [12:26 P.M.]
Did you manage to book a flight?
Nicole Fernandez M
[12:27 P.M.]
Not on such short notice. I'll drive.
Tad Yates
OK, good luck!
[12:28 P.M.]
153. What will Ms. Fernandez do next Monday?
(A) Teach a training course
(B) Meet an instructor
(C) Go on a vacation
(D) Apply for a job
154. At 12:27 P.M., what does Ms. Fernandez
mean when she writes, "Not on such short
notice"?
(A) She will not arrive on time.
(B) She will not travel by plane.
(C) She cannot accept an invitation.
(D) She cannot make a payment.
Questions 155-157 refer to the following e-mail.
Jake Taera <jtaera@tritmail.com>
Natalie Satter <nsatter@coldings.com>
To:
From:
Subject:
Date: 30 September
Attachment: Coldings1
Information
Dear Mr. Taera:
Welcome to the Coldings Home Store family! You have been hired as a sales associate.
Your training session begins on 8 October at 8:30 A.M. at the Auckland store, 42 Crossbill
Road. Please report to Human Resources to begin your orientation as a Coldings Home
Store team member. During your first two weeks with our company, you will learn about
our team approach and the many benefits of working at Coldings Home Store. You will be
working from 8:30 A.M. to 5:00 P.M. After training, you might be assigned to a different
work shift and you will be eligible for benefits including flexible days off, sick days, and
our employee discount.
Please sign and return the attached document indicating your willingness to accept the
position as sales associate. Please let me know if you have any questions or need
directions. I look forward to seeing you at the Auckland store on 8 October.
Sincerely,
Natalie
Human

Satter
Resources Coordinator
EMMOREAD
155. What is the purpose of the e-mail?
(A) To thank an employee
(B) To provide job information
(C) To explain a new policy
(D) To announce a special sales event
156. According to Ms. Satter, what might happen
after two weeks?
(A) Mr. Taera's work schedule might
change.
(B) Mr. Taera's might be transferred to
another location.
(C) The company might train Mr. Taera for
a new responsibility.
(D) The company might mail Mr. Taera new
benefits information.
157. What did Ms. Satter send with the e-mail?
(A) A store map
(B) An events calendar
(C) A list of benefits
(D) An employment agreement
Questions 158-160 refer to the following press release.
For immediate release Contact: Desmond Hawkes, Office of Public Relations
Telephone: (02) 5555 6506
E-mail: dhawkes@carlisle.org.au
New Exhibition at Sydney's
Carlisle Art Museum
SYDNEY (3 June)—The Carlisle Art Museum's latest exhibition, Deep Waters,
will open on 15 June. The exhibition will feature 38 realist and abstract paintings
portraying the beauty and vastness of the world's oceans. All the works were created
by Australian artists based in Sydney, and among them will be six by the critically
acclaimed oil painter Harold Bernstein.
The exhibition will run until 15 July. Tickets are $10. Museum visitors may view the
exhibition between 9 A.M. and 4 P.M. on Tuesdays, Wednesdays, and Thursdays, and
between 2 P.M. and 9 P.M. on Fridays and Saturdays. On each day of the exhibition,
at least one of the artists will be present and available to answer visitors' questions
about the creative process. Mr. Bernstein will be available on 30 June only.
On 23 July, the exhibition will open at the Muriel Art Gallery in Melbourne, where
ocean-themed paintings from Melbourne artists will be added to the collection.
158. What is one purpose of the press release?
(A) To advertise an upcoming art show
(B) To publicize paintings available for
purchase
(C) To profile an art gallery owner
(D) To announce the opening of a new
museum
159. Who is Mr. Bernstein?
(A) An art critic
(B) A museum director
(C) A public relations specialist
(D) An artist
160. What is implied about the exhibition in
Melbourne?
(A) It will be open to the public in the
evenings only.
(B) It will include more paintings than the
exhibition in Sydney will.
(C) It will feature demonstrations of painting
techniques by artists.
(D) It will include paintings of landscapes in
addition to paintings of oceans.
Questions 161-163 refer to the following e-mail.
*E-mail*
From: evaluation@crawfordds.com
To: trosinsky@mailssen.com
Subject: Crawford Design Contest
Date: April 2
Dear Ms. Rosinsky,
Thank you for entering the Crawford Design Studio Awards Contest. Today we received
your project titled "Old Rexto Factory Restoration," including a total of nine
photographs and an 18-page description file. — [1] -. Your submission has been
forwarded for further processing and has been assigned the entry number P1298.
-[2]-.
Your project will now be reviewed by a panel of judges, which consists of our in-house
experts as well as outside designers. - [3] -. You will be able to check on the status
of your entry via the "Submissions Being Processed" link in our Web site's Main Menu.
Should you have any questions, please do not hesitate to call us. - [4] -.
Kind regards,
Crawford Design Studio
161. What is the purpose of the e-mail?
(B) To inquire about building costs
(C) To confirm receipt of materials
ЕВ
(D) To request additional photographs
162. What is Ms. Rosinsky advised to do online?
(A) Read the contest rules
(B) Obtain a map and directions
(C) Update her contact information
(D) Track the progress of her submission
163. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?
"Please use it when you contact us
regarding your entry."
(A) [1]
(B) [2]
(C) [3]
(D) [4]
Questions 164-167 refer to the following article.
May 5-Boston law firm Warner and Arnes
announced this morning that it is merging
with the Philadelphia law firm Hamilton
Jones to create Warner, Hamilton, and
Associates. With more than 655 attorneys,
the merger will make this the largest law
firm in the northeastern United States.
"This is a welcome merger of two wellmanaged firms who share similar corporate
cultures and philosophies," said Andrea
Warner, codirector of the former Warner and
Arnes, who will serve as managing partner
of Warner, Hamilton, and Associates. "Our
combined expertise makes Warner,
Hamilton, and Associates uniquely placed to
provide clients even higher levels of counsel
and service. We look forward to continuing
our practices in Boston and Philadelphia and
expect to open yet another office in Hartford
within the next twelve months."
According to a press release, Ms. Warner
has garnered attention through her
representation of clients across the country
in prominent cases involving workers'
rights, equal pay, and social justice.
The firm expects to keep all of its current
lawyers and staff and will "combine
management teams made up of partners
from each firm to ensure a seamless
transition," the release said.
164. Why was the article written?
(A) To profile the career of a prominent
lawyer
(B) To promote legal services
(C) To discuss the joining of two firms
(D) To announce a firm's relocation
165. What does Warner, Hamilton, and
Associates plan to do?
(A) Hire additional lawyers
(B) Expand to a third city
(C) Change its leadership
166. What is suggested about Ms. Warner?
(A) She is based in Hartford.
(B) She plans to retire soon.
(C) She sometimes offers free legal
counsel.
(D) She is well-known nationally.
167. The word "seamless" in paragraph 4, line 4,
(D) Close its Philadelphia office
is closest in meaning to
(A) in a single piece
(B) without problems
(C) in close range
(D) without hurry
Questions 168-171 refer to the following e-mail.
To: maria_bellandini@pweb.net
From: thomas.mclaren@delicatessenmag.com
Date: Tuesday, October 2
Subject: Food Photography Article
Dear Ms. Bellandini:
I have some news regarding your article that is scheduled to be published in the next issue
of Delicatessen Magazine. - [1] -. Yesterday, we learned that a major advertiser
canceled their contract with us, and as a result, we will have to reduce the number of
pages in our upcoming issue. This is extremely unfortunate, but we just do not have
enough money without these ads to publish the magazine in its current format. - [2] -
We know that readers have enjoyed reading about your experiences in Italy. - [3] -
While your eight-page story about working as a food photographer is excellent, in order to
fit in the slimmer issue, it will need to be cut by about thirty percent. Although I sincerely
hope you agree to having your article published in our upcoming issue, I will understand
if you would rather have the article published in full at a later time. However, I have to let
you know that the magazine industry is not always the most stable business, and for this
reason, I do not know if there will be space for your story in the future. - [4]-
Please let me know as soon as possible what you would like to do. Should you agree to
edit the story, I will need the new version by Monday.
Best regards,
Thomas McLaren, Editor-in-Chief
168. What is implied about Delicatessen
Magazine?
171. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong? (A) It plans to merge with another
magazine.
(B) It gives discounted subscriptions to
staff.
"Of course, this is your choice, and I will
respect whatever decision you make."
(C) It relies on advertisements for funding. (A) [1]
(D) It offers long-term contracts to writers. (B) [2]
(C) [3]
169. How would Ms. Bellandini most likely revise
her article?
(D) [4]
(A) By making it shorter
(B) By changing the topic
(C) By adding more information
(D) By including more images of food
170. What does Mr. McLaren NOT suggest to
Ms. Bellandini?
(A) Her previous articles were well liked.
(B) She should submit her article to
another magazine.
(C) Her article might not be published in full
at a later date.
(D) She should notify him of her decision.
Questions 172-175 refer to the following text-message chain.
Delroy Gerew (1:29 P.M.):
Hi, Ms. Chichester, we'd like to order another 10 shirts, featuring the company's name,
Magnalook, and its logo. We need four small, two medium, and four large sizes. Could
you fill the order by Friday?
Nina Chichester (1:32 P.M.):
That's two days from today, so a $75 rush-order fee will be added.
Delroy Gerew (1:34 P.M.):
How can we avoid the fee?
Nina Chichester (1:36 P.M.):
By choosing the standard 5-day production option. Your order would be ready Monday of
next week.
Delroy Gerew (1:38 P.M.):
I guess it can't be helped. Since we have employees starting this Friday and you open at
8:00 A.M., can I pick up the shirts at that time?
Nina Chichester (1:39 Р.M.):
Pick-up time is normally after 1:00 P.M., but I'll see to it they're ready by 8:00 A.M.
Delroy Gerew (1:41 P.M.):
Thank you. Actually, my assistant will be picking them up.
Nina Chichester (1:42 P.М.):
EAU
That's fine. Could you please e-mail me your logo again? The computer on which I had it
stored crashed the other day and is awaiting repair.
Delroy Gerew (1:44 P.М.):
Willdo. Thanks, and please charge the credit card you have on file for us.
172. What is suggested about the company
Ms. Chichester works for?
(A) It currently has no large-sized shirts in
stock.
(B) It has filled an order for Mr. Gerew
before.
(C) It offers discounts on large orders.
(D) It is open every evening.
173. Why is Mr. Gerew ordering new shirts?
(A) Additional staff members have been
hired.
(B) More were sold than had been
anticipated.
(C) The company's logo has been changed.
(D) The style currently in use has become
outdated.
174. At 1:38 P.M., what does Mr. Gerew mean
when he writes, "I guess it can't be helped"?
(A) He will pay a $75 rush-order fee.
(B) He will ask his assistant to help him.
(C) He will meet Ms. Chichester at 1:00 P.M.
(D) He will select the standard production
option.
175. What will Mr. Gerew likely do next?
(A) Provide payment information to
Ms. Chichester
(B) Schedule a meeting with Ms. Chichester
(C) Send an e-mail to Ms. Chichester
(D) Fix Ms. Chichester's computer
Questions 176-180 refer to the following e-mail and notice.
E-Mail Message
To: staffmailinglist@coltonmedical.org
From: Melvin Myers <mmyers@coltonmedical.org>
Date: June 10
Subject: Parking area reassignment
Dear Colleagues:
I just want to remind everyone that crews will begin construction on the new Colton
Medical Nutrition Center on June 18.
Effective June 15, parking areas F and G will be closed until August 20, when
construction is expected to be completed. Staff currently assigned to park in areas F and
G will be given temporary "guest" parking stickers and must park in the guest-parking
garage. The Property Maintenance Office will place stickers in staff mailboxes by 4 P.M.
today. The sticker should be displayed on the driver's side window of the vehicle.
A construction access road will be created by closing the entrance and exit roads to
parking areas F and G. This will also block access to the security building and the pond. However, a temporary alternative entranceway to those locations will be created.
To help eliminate excessive traffic, please visit those places only when absolutely
necessary. Take note that the Information Center at the main entrance will remain open during construction.
Please e-mail me directly with any questions regarding parking stickers.
Sincerely,
Melvin Myers
Property Maintenance
WELCOME TO COLTON MEDICAL CAMPUS INFORMATION CENTER
PLEASE CHECK IN BEFORE PROCEEDING
ATTENTION STAFF:
PARKING AREAS F & G CLOSED UNTIL SEPTEMBER 10
Staff members who normally use these areas and who have not yet
received a temporary parking sticker should request one at the security
station. A valid access card and staff I.D. are required.
Cars will be immediately towed away if parked next to pedestrian areas, including all walkways, temporary rest areas, and construction tents.
Owners of cars parked in the garage without a sticker displayed on the
window will be fined $25 per day.
Security officers are available to assist you.
會
176. Why are parking areas being closed?
(A) They are being resurfaced.
(B) They are being reserved for guests.
(C) An outdoor event will be held on them.
(D) A construction project is scheduled to
begin.
177. According to the e-mail, who will receive a
temporary parking sticker?
(A) Anyone who is visiting the medical
campus
(B) Anyone who usually parks in areas
Fand G
(C) Anyone who usually parks in the
parking garage
(D) Anyone who requests one from the
maintenance office
178. Why should staff members limit their visits
to the security building?
(A) So that visitors can enjoy the pond
(B) So that fewer cars will be in the area
(C) So that security staff can monitor traffic
(D) So that visitors can get to the
Information Center
179. What changed after the e-mail was sent on
June 10?
(A) Which parking areas are being closed
(B) Where staff should park their vehicles
(C) Where parking stickers should be
displayed
(D) How long some parking areas will be
closed
180. According to the notice, why might a staff
member's car be towed?
(A) If it is parked near a walkway
(B) If it is parked in the visitors' area
(C) If it does not display a parking sticker
(D) If it is parked in the garage after
August 20
MOREAD
Questions 181-185 refer to the following survey and e-mail.
SURVEY
Please take a few minutes to complete this survey about your shopping experience at Woodruff's. Indicate your answer using the 5-point scale to the right of each statement.
(1 = Strongly Disagree, 2 = Disagree, 3 = No Opinion, 4 = Agree, 5 = Strongly Agree)
The store was clean and organized in appearance.
There was a wide selection of items in my size.
There were dressing rooms available for me to use.
The salespeople were courteous and attentive to me.
The items were priced well compared to other stores.
I am satisfied overall with my experience at Woodruff's.
Amount you spent on this purchase: $60
☐ 1 ☐ 2 3 4 5
☐1 2 3 4 5
1 | 2 3 ☐4 5
☐1 2 ☐ 3 4 ☐ 5
12 ☐3 ☐4 5
2 Π 3 4 5
Age (optional): 16-25 26-35 36-45 46-55 56-65 66+
Name (optional): Consuela Torres E-mail (optional): catorres81@aumail.co.au
E-Mail Message
From: Customer Service <custserv@woodruff.co.au>
To: Consuela Torres <catorres81@aumail.co.au>
Date:
Subject:
Friday, 27 April 2:40 P.M.
Survey
Attachment: Voucher
Dear Ms. Torres:
Thank you for taking the time to complete a survey about your recent experience at Woodruff's. We appreciate that so many people took the time to provide us with
feedback since it helps us to improve the quality of our service.
We were happy to learn that your overall experience shopping at Woodruff's was a
positive one. However, we were sorry to see that you shared one area of dissatisfaction
with a significant proportion of the customers who responded to the survey. I want you
to know that we are taking the survey results seriously. We plan to improve this area
with training soon.
As an apology for our failure to meet high standards in all areas, I have attached a
voucher for 15% off a future purchase (good for one year) at any of our three
Clarksville locations. We look forward to serving you in the future.
Sincerely,
Marietta Passante
181. What type of business is Woodruff's?
(A) A computer software company
(B) A clothing store
(C) A mobile-phone service provider
(D) A consulting firm
182. With what statement about Woodruff's
would Ms. Torres most likely agree?
(A) It is located close to her home.
(B) It has a large staff.
(C) It is relatively inexpensive.
(D) It is open later than other businesses.
183. In the e-mail, the word "appreciate" in
paragraph 1, line 2, is closest in meaning to
(A) increase
(B) order
(C) understand
(D) value
184. What most likely is Woodruff's planning
to do?
(A) Teach its employees to be more friendly
and helpful to customers
(B) Make the workplace cleaner and more
organized
(C) Open an additional location in
Clarksville
(D) Offer a discount voucher to all
customers who complete a survey
185. What is suggested about the survey?
(A) It has been taken by many customers.
(B) It was created by Ms. Passante.
(C) It is accessible on the company Web
site.
(D) It has been in use for one year.
Questions 186-190 refer to the following invoice and e-mails.
McGivern Wholesale
1486 Beden Trail, Brampton ON L6R 2K7
905-555-0158 www.mcgivernwholesale.ca
Ordered By: Deshauna's Creations
Order Date: October 12
To:
From:
Subject:
Date:
Item Item Name Quantity Price Each Amount
14L 3 m table linens, cream 4 $26.00 $104.00
17P 25 cm dinner plates, pale blue 40 $4.40 $176.00
18S 50 cm serving dishes, white 20 $7.95 $159.00
21G 350 ml water goblets, amber 40 $3.25 $130.00
Subtotal $569.00
Tax (HST) $73.97
Shipping $30.00
Total $672.97
Payment is due upon receipt.
*E-mail*
Pete McGivern <pete.mcgivern@mcgivernwholesale.ca>
Deshauna Jacques <deshaunajacques@deshaunascreations.ca>
October order
October 17
Dear Mr. McGivern,
I received my October order, but there were some errors. I received 20 dinner plates
instead of 40, and seven water goblets arrived with cracks in the glass. Have you
switched shipping carriers recently?
I have been a loyal customer since you opened five years ago, and never before have I
experienced problems with an order. Incidentally, you might like to know that I spoke
this morning with Ed Salek, owner of nearby Salek's Café. He mentioned that his last
delivery from you had some mistakes too.
How soon can you fix my order? I have three parties coming up next week, so I need
these items quickly.
Sincerely,
Deshauna Jacques
To:
From:
Deshauna Jacques <deshaunajacques@deshaunascreations.ca>
Pete McGivern <pete.mcgivern@mcgivernwholesale.ca>
Subject: Re: October order
Date: October 17
Dear Ms. Jacques,
I was very sorry to learn about your order, and about Mr. Salek's as well; I will extend my
apology to him today. You are a valued customer, and I am embarrassed that you received
such a poor shipment. We are in the middle of moving to a new warehouse, and it has not
gone as smoothly as I had hoped. Regardless, I want to make amends as soon as possible.
I have put in an order to correct the mistakes, and I hope you will accept a 15 percent
discount on your next shipment. Just use code 15D when placing your order.
Please let me know if there is anything else I can do to correct this.
Yours sincerely,
Pete McGivern
186. Why was the first e-mail sent?
(A) To ask for customer feedback
(B) To seek a solution to a problem
(C) To request a refund on an item
(D) To cancel an order for tableware
187. What item was received damaged?
(A) 14L
(B) 17P
(C) 18S
(D) 21G
189.
188. In the second e-mail, the word "extend" in
paragraph 1, line 1, is closest in meaning to
(A) offer
(B) delay
(C) continue
(D) increase
What is NOT indicated about McGivern
Wholesale?
(A) It does business with restaurants.
(B) It is changing the location of a facility.
(C) It has been operating for five years.
(D) It is revising its price list.
190. What will McGivern Wholesale give to
Ms. Jacques?
(A) A rebate on shipping charges
(B) An extra package of table linens
(C) A reduced price on her next order
(D) An updated invoice
Questions 191-195 refer to the following form, notice, and e-mail.
Reddford Construction
450 Matilda Drive
Lexington, Kentucky 40502
Prepared for: Jenny Choi, 518 Buffalo Springs Road
Prepared by: Gabriel Nunez
Description
Unglazed ceramic floor tiles (@ $2.49/tile)
Premium bright white grout (@ $32.99/gallon)
Date: March 15
Cost Estimate No.: 50190
Amount Cost
400 $996.00
5 $164.95
Labor for preparation, installation, and cleanup (@ $35/hour) 16 $560.00
ESTIMATE TOTAL $1,720.95
All estimates are valid for one month unless otherwise specified.
New Lexington City Ordinance
As of March 30, all construction companies must have a building permit
($100 for residential buildings; $300 for commercial buildings) before
beginning a renovation project for each client. To complete an application
for your construction project, contact City Hall at 859-555-0103.
WEBSITЕ
To:
From:
Date:
Gabriel Nunez <gnunez@reddfordcon.com>
Jenny Choi <jchoi86@citymail.com>
Friday, April 2 10:12 A.M.
Subject: Permits
Dear Mr. Nunez:
I'm writing concerning the job in my dining room that I'd like to contract you for. I'd like
work to begin on April 10, but after looking at the estimate you sent me, I have a question
about your calculation of the total cost. Specifically, does your estimate take into account
any permits that would be needed for the job? A colleague told me that there is an
ordinance that went into effect last month requiring building permits for any renovation
project. I really liked the job you did installing carpeting and painting in my living room
last year, and I would prefer to work with a company that I know. However, I am on a
tight budget, so I need to consider the charge for the building permit in the overall cost of
the project. Could you please get back to me at your earliest convenience?
Sincerely,
Jenny Choi
191. On April 10, what work does Ms. Choi want
192.
Mr. Nunez to do for her?
(A) Deliver furniture
(B) Install tiles
(C) Clean the living room carpets
(D) Paint the dining room walls
What will happen after April 15?
(A) Ms. Choi's application will be reviewed.
(B) Ms. Choi will receive a final bill.
(C) The new city ordinance will go into
effect.
(D) The cost estimate will become invalid.
193. How much will likely be added to Ms. Choi's
194. In the e-mail, the word "contract" in
paragraph 1, line 1, is closest in meaning to
(A) reduce
(B) retain
(C) collect
(D) purchase
195. What does Ms. Choi indicate about
Reddford Construction?
(A) She has hired them for a job before.
(B) She needs to reschedule an
appointment with them.
(C) She thinks that their prices are too high.
(D) She believes that they bought too many
tiles.
estimate?
(A) $32.99
(B) $35.00
(C) $100.00
(D) $300.00
Questions 196-200 refer to the following article, e-mail, and text message.
Cardiff Daily Times
In Brief-20 March
As reported earlier this year, Gold Kettle
Grocery is opening an additional regional
distribution centre in Cardiff. Construction
was postponed for a time because of an
unanticipated problem related to the ground
conditions on the site. However, the problem
has been resolved, and the 40,000-squaremetre centre should be fully operational in
June. The grand opening is planned for the
fourth of June. The warehouse has a special
area with state-of-the-art equipment to store
foods that need to be kept frozen or cool.
The site will also include loading bays and
offices.
The distribution centre is expected to
create more than 400 new jobs, according to
Myles Simler, vice president of operations.
Because of the size and scope of the project,
a variety of jobs will be needed, from
warehouse loaders and drivers to clerical
positions.
*E-mail*
To: Myles Simler <msimler@goldkettle.co.uk>
From: Raadhika Baral <rbaral@goldkettle.co.uk>
Subject: Information
Date: 26 June
Attachment:
Dear Myles:
Notification comparison
Thanks for giving me a lift to the grand opening earlier this month. I do not believe I
have ever seen such a well-planned event. We should send Ping Chen something to
show him our appreciation for organising it.
Now that the centre in Cardiff has been open for a few weeks, I think we should
consider hiring a company that forwards automatic notifications to employees' mobile
phones. Such a service would allow us to get messages to them quickly and also prevent
mistakes with shipments. I have a contact who has worked in customer service at Calls
For You. I think it's a good company, but Raven Notifications also looks good, and their
rates are lower. I have attached information about both companies to help you decide
which one we might use. Let me know what you think.
Sincerely,
Raadhika Baral
Raven Notifications 11:43 A.M.
To Gold Kettle Employees-The frozen-goods shipment scheduled
to arrive on Tuesday will not arrive until Wednesday. Employees
who had volunteered to work additional hours on Tuesday night
at the Cardiff distribution centre will not be needed. However,
we will need additional help for the overnight shift on Wednesday
night. If you are interested in working additional hours at that time,
please contact Becca Johnston in Human Resources.
196. What is the purpose of the article?
(A) To provide an update on a local project
(B) To discuss state-of-the-art warehouse
equipment
(C) To report on local businesses that plan
to hire more workers
(D) To explain difficulties encountered on a
construction project
197. In the article, the word "scope" in paragraph
2, line 4, is closest in meaning to
(A) instrument used for viewing
(B) evaluation
(C) time of completion
(D) extent
198. What is most likely true about the Cardiff
distribution center?
(A) It had a problem with food storage.
(B) Its grand opening was successful.
(C) Mr. Simler was recently hired there.
(D) Ms. Baral was unhappy with its service.
199. What company was chosen by Mr. Simler?
(A) The company that Ms. Baral's contact
works for
(B) The company with the most reliable
customer-service representatives
(C) The company that has lower rates than
a competitor
(D) The company with an overnight call
center
200. What does the text message ask
employees who want additional work to do?
(A) Arrive on Tuesday night
(B) Contact the personnel office
(C) Reply to the message with the hours
they can work
(D) Go to a different distribution center
