PART 7
Directions: In this part you will read a selection of texts, such as magazine and newspaper articles,
e-mails, and instant messages. Each text or set of texts is followed by several questions. Select the
best answer for each question and mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
Questions 147-148 refer to the following advertisement.
CALLA DANCE STUDIO IS NOW OPEN!
Come to our beautiful, spacious studio in Hopkins Bay for our grand opening on
Saturday, March 5, and Sunday, March 6, from noon to 5:00 P.M.
During the celebration, you can
mingle and chat with our highly trained instructors;
⚫ enjoy fun, free, easygoing dance classes; and
receive a 10 percent discount on one of our dance lesson packages.
We believe that everyone can benefit from dancing, so whether you are a beginner or
an expert, we have a class for you!
Visit us online at www.calladancestudio.com for class descriptions, instructor profiles,
directions to the studio, and more.
147. What is NOT listed as something visitors
can do during the celebration?
(A) They can meet dance instructors.
(B) They can take a dance class.
(C) They can get a discount.
(D) They can purchase gift cards.
148. What is true about Calla Dance Studio?
(A) It has locations in multiple cities.
(B) It provides certification for dance
instructors.
(C) It offers classes for a range of
experience levels.
(D) Its grand opening will be held on
a single day.
Questions 149-151 refer to the following information.
Travel with Confidence-the Simple Trip Way!
Does your travel plan include taking one or more flights? Save time and avoid
inconvenience with Simple Trip. Recommended by leading companies in the travel industry, the award-winning Simple Trip application allows Web check-in at the
airport and keeps you up-to-date regarding local weather conditions and any changes
to departure and arrival times. -[1]-
Download Simple Trip from any app store onto your mobile phone. - [2]-. Simple
Trip is completely secure, with multiple layers of encryption to keep your personal
information hidden from hackers. Once your documentation has been successfully
loaded into the app, Simple Trip provides you with digital passes that can be scanned
at security checkpoints, check-in kiosks, and boarding gates. -[3]-
Bypass the ticket counter and check in to your flight through the app. Stay
up-to-date with the latest entry requirements at your our destination. - [4] Make
your journey a breeze with Simple Trip!
149. What is suggested about the Simple Trip
application?
(A) An update for the app will be released
soon.
(B) It is focused on air travel.
(C) It provides information only for major
airports.
(D) Travel experts developed it.
150. What is a benefit of using Simple Trip?
(A) Secure user information
(B) Airline seating upgrades
(C) Discounts on airline fares
151. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?
"It will guide you through the steps to set up
and personalize your account."
(A) [1]
(B) [2]
(C) [3]
(D) [4]
(D) Complimentary checked bagsVEBSITE
Questions 152-153 refer to the following text-message chain.
Ω
Manuel Cabrera [9:18 A.M.]
Hello, Sara. Our client Mr. Forsyth is changing his mind about the color scheme for
his kitchen. Can you send me the photos from the Maroney project we completed
last autumn?
Sara Baird [9:20 A.M.]
Sure. Do you want me to send just the kitchen pictures?
Manuel Cabrera [9:21 A.M.]
Send those of the kitchen and living room, please.
Sara Baird [9:22 A.М.]
They are on their way. I have also included pictures of the Thackers' kitchen from a
couple of years ago. We created a similar style for them.
Manuel Cabrera [9:23 A.M.]
Good thinking. Thank you!
152. In what type of business do the writers most
likely work?
(A) Interior decorating
(B) Fine dining
(C) Photography
(D) Appliance sales
153. At 9:23 A.M., what does Mr. Cabrera most
likely mean when he writes, "Good thinking"?
(A) He expects that the additional pictures
Ms. Baird sent will be helpful.
(B) He is certain that the client willlike the
new color scheme.
(C) He is impressed with the work Ms. Baird
did on the Maroney project.
(D) He remembers how much the Thackers
liked their kitchen.
Questions 154-155 refer to the following notice.
Please Note
The views expressed by the speakers shown in this documentary film are their own
and do not necessarily reflect the opinions of the filmmakers. The filmmakers' goal
was to present the topic from diverse points of view. The inclusion of the speakers
does not constitute an endorsement of their perspectives, nor does it imply the
filmmakers' support for any organization that those speakers may represent.
154. What is the purpose of the notice?
(A) To generate enthusiasm for an
upcoming film
(B) To express support for a charitable
organization
(C) To apologize for some factual errors
(D) To discourage assumptions about the
filmmakers
155. What does the notice suggest about the
speakers in the film?
(A) They are members of the same
organization.
(B) They will participate in follow-up
interviews.
(C) They were all paid the same fee by the
filmmakers.
(D) They expressed different opinions
about a topic.
Questions 156-158 refer to the following article.
Centre Touts New Adventure
TORONTO (28 May)-The trustees of
Toronto's Earth and Space Centre announced
the opening of an exciting new educational
film. The two-hour immersive experience
called Out of This World explains through live
footage, interviews, and first-rate animation
what the next outer-space missions might
involve with respect to both vehicles and
people.
Out of This World will be presented on the
Envelop system, which has been installed in
the theatre and is now undergoing testing and
fine-tuning. The system promises to delight
the senses, not only through vivid visuals but
also through superb, lifelike sound projected
to the listeners from all sides.
Single-ticket prices for adults and special rates
for youngsters, families, and school groups
will be announced soon. The anticipated
public debut for the programme is 1 July.
156. What is indicated about Out of This World?
(A) It requires a tour guide.
(B) It includes animated video.
(C) It will run for only one month.
(D) It is open only to school groups.
157. The word "projected" in paragraph 2, line 6,
is closest in meaning to
(A) planned
(B) proposed
(C) calculated
(D) transmitted
158. What is mentioned about the Envelop
system?
(A) It was expensive to build.
(B) It is used to record videos.
(C) It will be operational by July 1.
(D) It is currently being shipped to Toronto.
Questions 159-160 refer to the following e-mail.
To: Hailey Hua <hailey.hua@xmail.com>
Middlesex Hair <customersupport@middlesexhair.com>
March 23
From:
Date:
Subject: Come back to us
Dear Ms. Hua,
We have not seen you in a long time, and we miss you! If you book an appointment
within the next two weeks, you will receive a 20 percent discount on all services. In
addition, if you book a haircut for a family member on the same day as your visit, their
haircut will be free. That's right-a free haircut for your family member! We want to be
more than just your salon-we want to be the one-stop hair-care location for your entire
family.
Please visit www.middlesexhair.com to read about our stylists and services. You can also
book your appointment and your family member's free haircut on our Web site or call us
directly at 555-0127 if you have any questions.
Sincerely,
Your Friends at Middlesex Hair
159. How can Ms. Hua receive a 20 percent
discount at Middlesex Hair?
(A) By presenting a coupon
(B) By referring new customers
(C) By booking more than one service
(D) By making an appointment within
two weeks
160. What does the e-mail indicate that a
member of Ms. Hua's family can receive?
(A) A photo posted on the salon's Web site
(B) The same offer as Ms. Hua's
(C) A haircut at no charge
(D) A tour of a new location
Questions 161-163 refer to the following article.
Rapido Airline Coming Soon to
Encino Pass
ENCINO PASS (March 11)-Encino Pass
Airport officials have announced that Rapido
Airline will begin offering flights in and out
of Encino Pass this summer. Rapido joins
Gamma Air and Southern Skylines in
serving the regional airport.
As the city of Encino Pass has grown in
recent years, Encino Pass Airport has seen
increased air traffic, despite being the
smallest airport in the state. With flights to
Encino Pass regularly booked to capacity,
travelers often had to use other regional
airports. The Encino Pass Airport and the
city council have both been working to
attract more airlines to the area to better
accommodate the increase in the number of
travelers.
"Rapido Airline was our top choice as an
expansion airline," said Encino Pass Mayor
Chris Donovan. "It is known for offering
low fares, maintaining on-time schedules,
and surpassing safety inspections. We're
pleased that it has decided to join us here in
Encino Pass. This addition will expand
options and make air travel more convenient
for residents and visitors alike."
The city and airport are also in talks to
provide shuttle bus service between the
airport and surrounding parking facilities,
refurbish the rental car booths, and add
another terminal to the airport. The
negotiations are part of the city's long-term
plan to increase tourism in the area.
Rapido Airline's flights between Encino
Pass and Summerset begin on July 9, with
more routes to be added later in the month.
161. Why are more airlines being sought to
service the Encino Pass Airport?
(A) To offer lower-priced flights in the
region
(B) To respond to complaints from
neighboring airports
(C) To carry cargo on behalf of shipping
companies
(D) To improve air travel to and from
Encino Pass
162. What is suggested about Rapido Airline?
(A) It has lost business to other airlines.
163. What is NOT mentioned as part of the city's
plan to increase tourism in the area?
(A) Providing discounted parking
(B) Offering shuttle bus service
(C) Building a new terminal
(D) Improving car rental booths
(B) It offers more flights than other airlines.
(C) It has a reputation for prioritizing safety.
(D) It is used primarily by business
travelers.
Questions 164-167 refer to the following text-message chain.
Casey Willard (7:43 A.M.)
Can either of you come in to work this morning? We have
a huge order to fill, and two of the forklift drivers
scheduled for today have called in sick. So, we only have
one working. One or two more would be really helpful.
The shipping clerks can't get the products out fast
enough.
Kazuko Yoneda (7:46 A.М.)
Sorry, I wish I could, but I have other commitments
today. Maybe try Claudia Kwon? She is usually very flexible.
Casey Willard (7:47 A.M.)
She has the weekend off and went to Ford Harbor to visit
her family. It's too bad because she always appreciates an
opportunity to earn overtime pay.
Lucas Suarez (7:51 A.M.)
I'm busy until about 10 A.M., but I could come in after
that.
Casey Willard (7:52 A.M.)
Thank you, Lucas. We need all the help we can get! If the
order is not on the truck by 6 tonight, it won't go out for
delivery until Monday.
Lucas Suarez (7:54 A.M.)
Got it. I'll be there as soon as I can.
(A) Some workers are unexpectedly
absent.
164. Why did Ms. Willard text her colleagues? 166. What must happen by 6:00 Р.м.?
(A) A truck must be loaded.
(B) An employee must go home.
(B) Shipping clerks are working ahead of
schedule.
(C) A payment must be received.
(C) Two of the company's forklifts are
having mechanical difficulties.
(D) Too few forklift drivers were scheduled
to work.
165. What does Ms. Yoneda suggest that
Ms. Willard do?
(A) Work longer hours
(B) Offer additional pay
(C) Contact another employee
(D) Bring in temporary workers
(D) A customer must confirm an order.
167. At 7:54 A.M., what does Mr. Suarez most
likely mean when he writes, "Got it"?
(A) He will cancel an order.
(B) He understands a situation.
(C) He knows how to reach Ms. Kwon.
(D) He has received the key to a truck.
Questions 168-171 refer to the following article.
Yum and Walk Food Tours
Adding a New Destination
COLLEGE STATION (May 15)-On
June 2, Yum and Walk Food Tours will add
College Station to its statewide list of
culinary destinations.
"College Station has been overlooked as
a culinary destination for too long," said
tour-company owner Ed Lopez. A former
chef, Lopez also once worked as a journalist
and wrote about cuisine for the Texas
Beacon.
Yum and Walk Food Tours offers
outings in nine other cities in Texas and
brings visitors to restaurants, bakeries, and
specialty stores to sample both sweet and
savory treats. Visitors walk through the city
with an experienced guide, who also shares
information about cach ncighborhood's
history. Mr. Lopez himself will serve as the
tour guide in College Station, his home
before working in San Antonio and then
returning to the area.
"From the beginning, my goal has been
to help people discover great food," said
Mr. Lopez.
The local itinerary includes five stops in
a three-hour time span-Giuseppina's
Trattoria, Yucatan Plate, Kerala Kebabs,
Spice Rub Stop, and Delicious Doughnuts.
Customers can schedule private tours if they
have any specific dietary preferences or
requirements.
Local officials are excited about the tour
company's move into the area.
"We're thrilled to have Yum and Walk
Food Tours add us to their list of
destinations," said College Station Mayor
Maria Garcia. "Their presence is sure to
have a positive impact on our area's dining
establishments."
Tickets are $50 each. The ten-week
touring season begins on July 2 and lasts
until September 3. Tours take place on
Sundays from 1 P.M. to 4 P.M.
168. Why most likely did Mr. Lopez start Yum
and Walk Food Tours?
(A) To take advantage of his experience
leading tours
(B) To share his love of food with people
(C) To provide advertising opportunities for
local restaurants
(D) To allow himself to work closer to home
169. What is NOT indicated about the Yum and
Walk Food Tour in College Station?
(A) It will last for three hours.
(B) It will be led by Mr. Lopez.
(C) It will be advertised in the Texas
Beacon.
(D) It will bring visitors to five restaurants.
170. What is indicated about private tours?
(A) They cost extra to attend.
(B) They are not available in all cities.
(C) They must be scheduled at least ten
weeks in advancе.
(D) They can be arranged for people who
avoid certain foods.
171. What is true about Ms. Garcia?
(A) She thinks the tours will be good for
local businesses.
(B) She owns the Spice Rub Stop.
(C) She has participated in the food tour.
(D) She is from San Antonio.
Questions 172-175 refer to the following e-mail.
To: All employees
From: Janice Capaldi
Date: October 23
Subject: Guests
Good afternoon, everyone,
We will soon host a group of employees from Seongnam Electronics. - [1] —. They will
arrive on November 10 and be with us for a week to observe our research and production
methods. We encourage everyone to interact with the visitors while they are here.
-[2]-.
The executives in the group are leaders in the field of electronics development and
manufacturing. Dr. Sung-Hye Kim leads Research and Development. Her individual
contributions have focused on how magnetic fields influence the efficiency of components
within electrical devices. She has also been called on by other physicists and professors to
write and edit texts that explain electromagnetic phenomena. Dr. Kim's work is influential
throughout the international electronics industry. Also, Jin-Woong Lee, chief production
officer at Seongnam Electronics, heads the team that designed the manufacturing processes
at the plant near Seoul. — [3] -. The award-winning techniques developed by Mr. Lee's
team assure both cost-effectiveness and quality.
On the afternoon of November 10, we will hold a reception in the conference room on
third floor to welcome our guests. Specifics will be sent to the entire staff in an e-mail
from Stewart Lark, who is serving as the event's coordinator. -[4] -. Please plan on
attending. Contact Mr. Lark and me with any questions you may have.
Thank you,
Janice Capaldi, Director of Operations, Dolesley Electronics, Inc.
172. What is suggested about Dr. Kim?
(A) She is a physicist.
(B) She usually works alone.
(C) She lectures at a university.
(D) She launched Seongnam Electronics.
173. What is Mr. Lee responsible for?
(A) Negotiating sales deals
(B) Choosing marketing strategies
(C) Establishing a product assembly
process
(D) Managing a human resources
department
174. What new information about the reception
will Mr. Lark most likely include in his
e-mail?
(A) A purpose
(B) The date
(C) A location
(D) The time
the
175. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?
"Please share your work processes with
them and answer any of their questions."
(A) [1]
(B) [2] (C) [3]
(D) [4]
Questions 176-180 refer to the following e-mail and policy.
*E-mail*
From: efechan @rossfieldhotels.ie
To: customerservice@parleganispublishing.com
Date: 15 December
Sent: Course books
Dear Customer Service Representative:
In October my company ordered 60 paperback copies of the Food Safety Course Book
for our employees so they could study for their mandatory food safety certification. I
just learned from one of our managers that you offer this course book in languages other
than English. May I send back twenty of the English language versions and get ten
Polish and ten Portuguese books instead? Some of our new employees said they would
really appreciate being able to read the crucial information in their first language.
The books I wish to return are still in their original packaging. I can have them boxed
and shipped quickly, but I will wait for your acknowledgement and instructions
regarding paperwork.
Sincerely, EMMOREAD Ella Feehan
Food Services Director
Rossfield Hotels Ltd.
Parleganis Publishing
Returns and Exchanges Policy
We accept products under the following conditions.
• Unmarked, unused materials may be returned or exchanged within 90 days of
purchase.
• Items returned or exchanged more than 30 days after purchase are subject to a
restocking fee equal to 20% of the cover price.
• Paperback books come in plastic-wrapped bundles of ten. Unopened bundles may
be returned for full credit. Individual paperback books will receive partial credit.
Software products and subscription fees are not refundable.
No credit will be issued for damaged or out-of-print books.
176. Why did Ms. Feehan write to Parleganis
Publishing?
(A) She offered feedback on a publication.
(B) She would like to exchange some
training materials.
(C) She received an incorrect shipment.
(D) She needs to return some damaged
books.
177. What is indicated about Rossfield Hotels
Ltd.?
(A) Some of its workers must earn
certificates.
(B) It recently hired a food services
manager.
(C) It advertises in several European
countries.
(D) Some of its guests come from Poland
and Portugal.
178. In the e-mail, the word "original" in
paragraph 2, line 1, is closest in meaning to
179. What will Rossfield Hotels Ltd. most likely
pay in December?
(A) A restocking fee
(B) A subscription fee
(C) A past-due invoice
(D) A refund for unused services
180. What is stated about the Food Safety
Course Book?
(A) It is available in electronic format.
(B) It was published in October.
(C) It will soon be out of print.
(D) It is sold in packs of ten.
(A) odd
(B) initial
(C)
(D)

 creative
ancient
Questions 181-185 refer to the following online review and menu.
Review: Pizza in Bobbingworth
★★★★☆
Submitted by: Gerard Landis
There is a new pizza restaurant in town called Maple Pizza House. Not to my surprise,
it offers a number of signature pizzas with maple flavoring, including dessert pizzas.
While I personally did not like the maple-flavored pizza at all, the rest of my party
enjoyed a large maple-ham pizza as a main course. The others in my group also
devoured the maple-walnut dessert pizza, which, to me, tasted like an overly sweet,
sticky pie.
Fortunately for me, the menu includes some pizzas that do not have maple flavoring.
I ordered a traditional cheese pizza. It was served piping hot and was delicious.
Because there were tasty menu options that pleased everyone, I rate the Maple Pizza
House 4 stars out of 5, and I would recommend visiting.
Maple Pizza House
83 Fox Lane, Bobbingworth, CM2 9B
077 5014 0314
We now accept credit cards.
Signature Maple Pizzas (with red sauce) Personal Large
Chicken maple £4.5 £15
Maple ham £5 £17
Pineapple £4 £14
Traditional Pizzas (select red or white sauce)
Cheese £4 £13
Vegetable £4 £13
Meatball £4 £13
Dessert Pizzas (with brown butter sauce)
Cinnamon maple £11
Maple walnut £11
ALL BEVERAGES: £2
181. What does Mr. Landis think about the
restaurant's menu?
(A) There are too few vegetarian options.
(B) He preferred the restaurant's previous
menu.
(C) The dessert pizzas are too expensive.
(D) He does not care for the taste of the
signature pizzas.
182. In the review, the word "sweet" in
paragraph 1, line 5, is closest in meaning to
(A) moderate
(B) pleasing
(C) sugary
(D) dear
183. How much was the pizza that Mr. Landis'
group ordered for their main course?
184. Which pizza is available with a white
sauce?
(A) Maple ham
(B) Pineapple
(C) Meatball
(D) Cinnamon maple
185. What is suggested about the restaurant?
(A) It prepares dessert pizza in only one
size.
(B) It accepts payments in cash only.
(C) It makes home deliveries.
(D) It has moved to a larger location.
(A) £5
(B) £11
(C) £13
(D) £17
Questions 186-190 refer to the tollowing Web page, contact form, and e-mail.
https://www.northamcarparts.co.uk/home
Home Catalogue Contact Form About Us
We Have the Parts You Need
Northam Car Parts is a leading seller of rare and hard-to-find car parts. We have a
huge selection of car transmissions, body and frame parts, and steering-repair kits, just to name a few. Check out our online catalogue page for a detailed list of parts
currently available in our warehouse. We specialise in vintage European cars, but
we have plenty of parts for American-made and Japanese-made vehicles. If you do
not see what you need in our catalogue, please fill out a contact form-we can
help you find the part you need! Please note that our response time is now two to
four business days because of a rise in the number of requests we receive.
Parts can be delivered to any address within the United Kingdom, France, Belgium,
or Spain.
Northam Car Parts Contact Form
Contact Information Vehicle Information
Name: Gerald Aldegunde Manufacturer: Exceller
E-mail: carmanga55@saffronmail.de Model: Dragonfire
Phone: +52 (164) 5559183 Year: 1988
Address: Kanalstrasse 60
01067 Dresden, Germany
Transmission: Manual
Date: 6 August Drive: 2WD
Message:
I've been looking for a part for a transmission in a 1988 Exceller
Dragonfire I purchased last year. I have been unable to find this part, so
a friend who found a new steering wheel through your company
recommended that I contact you. I was wondering how much you
would charge for locating a vintage British car part like this. Also, I
noticed that Germany is not listed on your Web site as a shipping
destination. Do you ever ship to areas other than the countries that are
currently listed there? Thanks for your help! Working on this car has
been a great experience, but I'm eager to get this thing on the road!
To:
From:
Date:
Subject:
Gerald Aldegunde <carmanga55@saffronmail.de>
Bethany Turnhout <bturnhout@northamcarparts.co.uk>
28 August
Shipping notification
Dear Mr. Aldegunde:
Your item will arrive on 30 August, no later than 8:00 P.M., at the following address:
Kanalstrasse 60, 01067 Dresden, Germany. It will be arriving via the IHE insured delivery
service, so you or a designated representative must be present to accept and sign for the
package. IHE will contact you in advance of the driver's arrival. Please make sure that the
path from the street to your door is clear of obstructions so the driver can have free
access.
Thank you for choosing Northam Car Parts to help find your part!
Bethany Turnhout
Sales Representative, Northam Car Parts
186. According to the Web page, what has
changed recently at Northam Car Parts?
(A) The hours of operation
(B) The number of customer inquiries
(C) The amount of warehouse space
(D) The availability of Japanese car parts
187. What is indicated about Mr. Aldegunde on
the contact form?
(A) He is eager to finish rebuilding his car.
(B) He needs a new steering wheel.
(C) He has owned his car for many years.
(D) He has a friend who works for Northam
Car Parts.
188. What is most likely true about the part that
Mr. Aldegunde needs?
(A) It was manufactured in Germany.
(B) It will take four business days to ship.
(C) It is too large to transport internationally.
(D) It is not included in Northam Car Parts'
catalog.
189. According to the e-mail, what service does
IHE provide?
(A) It sells car insurance.
(B) It repairs vintage cars.
(C) It transports packages.
(D) It cleans streets.
190. What can be concluded about Northam Car
Parts?
(A) It was recently purchased by Ms. Turnhout.
(B) It maintains warehouses in several
countries.
(C) It ships to countries that are not listed
on its Web page.
(D) It does not respond to customer
inquiries after 8:00 P.м.
Questions 191-195 refer to the tollowing press release, Web page, and text message.
RHC Continues to Impress
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Contact: Dora Su, +65 0555 1294
SINGAPORE (3 August)-In operation
for five years, Rayder Holdings
Corporation (RHC) is announcing the
completion of its sixth renovation project,
Bay Commons. The company, founded by
real estate agents Rayna Wong and
Derrick Lim, specializes in converting
industrial buildings into apartment
complexes.
"Turning commercial buildings into
residential spaces has its challenges,"
Ms. Wong said. "However, we are
committed to repurposing buildings
instead of constructing new ones."
This commitment was recently cited in a
speech by Yamina Badawi, Singapore's
minister of Housing and Urban
Development, who applauded RHC's
contribution to the nation's housing
supply.
RHC completed its first conversion
project four years ago-the Kallang
Overlook apartment complex. Since then,
RHC has completed five more projects:
Asten Estates, Tampines Tower, Lakeside
Manor, Yishun Terrace, and now Bay
Commons.
"Bay Commons represents a departure
from our previous projects." Ms. Wong
noted. "This housing complex is designed
primarily for students at the nearby
Changi Technological Institute."
Units at Bay Commons are now available
for rent or purchase, she added.
https://www.rayderholdingscorporation.com.sg/current-listings
About Us Current Listings News Careers
Rayder Holdings Corporation turns vacant commercial properties into pleasant residential
buildings. Below are our current offerings in alphabetical order.
Asten Estates: 14-unit building with pool, fitness centre, and car park
Bay Commons: 60 studio apartments with shared kitchen areas and other common rooms
Kallang Overlook: 40-unit apartment complex situated on the Kallang River
Lakeside Manor: 28-unit building with indoor pool, outdoor tennis and basketball courts,
playground, and on-site cafeteria
Tampines Tower: 36-unit apartment complex with pool and fitness room
Yishun Terrace: 55-unit apartment complex with outdoor sports facilities (tennis, basketball,
football), indoor swimming pool, catch-and-release fishing pond, and picnic area
For details and other queries, contact info@rayderholdingscorporation.com.sg.
Today 9:53 А.M.
Hello, Mr. Goh. A fellow
resident found your wallet
on the cafeteria counter
and dropped it off here at
the RHC leasing office.
Please stop by to pick it up.
We are open until 6:00 P.M.
For after-hours service, call
0904 6802, and someone
will assist you.
Alicia Rajani, Office Manager
191. According to the press release, what is true
about RHC?
(A) It has an international presence.
(B) It specializes in designing work spaces.
(C) It was founded by two construction
engineers.
(D) It has been in business for five years.
192. What does the press release suggest about
Ms. Badawi?
(A) She appreciates RHC's approach to
expanding housing.
(B) She owns a unit at one of RHC's
properties.
(C) She advises students at Changi
Technological Institute.
(D) She has hired Mr. Lim to be one of her
advisers.
193. How many units does the first housing
complex built by RHC have?
(A) 14
(B) 28
(C) 40
194. Why did Ms. Rajani send a text message to
Mr. Goh?
(A) To introduce him to a new neighbor
(B) To notify him that his wallet was found
(C) To respond to his request for information
(D) To provide the leasing office's hours of
operation
195. Where does Mr. Goh most likely live?
(A) At Asten Estates
(B) At Lakeside Manor
(C) At Tampines Tower
(D) At Yishun Terrace
(D) 60
Questions 196-200 refer to the tollowing Web page, text-message chain, and online review.
https://www.camsfurniture.ca/about_us
About Us Catalogue ReviewS Contact Us
Cam's Furniture has been a fixture in Ottawa for more than 50 years. With our
focus on exceptional customer service, we guarantee that your time in our store will
be both pleasant and worthwhile!
Our daily business operations are overseen by George Meara, the eldest son of
founder Cam Meara. George is joined by his sister, Elise Meara, and an
enthusiastic team of sales associates who will help you choose the best furniture
for your needs. Our enormous showroom features a broad selection of high-quality
furniture arranged in different types of residential rooms and office spaces. And,
along with all the top brands of furniture, we are proud to carry unique and
environmentally friendly items sourced from the Green Directions Trade Fair. Our
head buyer, Debbie Sarno, attends this event annually to choose fantastic new
products for our store.
We offer complimentary delivery and setup for all customers whose home or
business is within the boundaries of the city of Ottawa.
Linda Fei (1:57 P.М.)
Toby, I'm at Cam's Furniture. The items you chose for our
reception area look great! The salesperson told me the bill
is going to be a little more than expected because there
will be a charge for delivery and setup. The crew can
come out to our office on Friday, so we'll definitely be able
to have everything in place before our clients arrive on
Monday.
Toby Pesenti (1:59 P.M.)
Great! The slightly higher cost shouldn't be a problem. We
have enough in our budget.
Online Reviews
Customer review posted by Linda Fei on 23 July at 5:32 P.M.
The staff at Cam's Furniture is extraordinarily helpful and professional. I was pleased
that we could get eco-friendly pieces for our company's reception area. The furniture is
beautiful-we've been receiving many compliments. Cam's delivery team spent extra
time at our new office space to make sure that the furniture was arranged in exactly the
right way. We look forward to shopping at Cam's again!
미
196. What does the Web page indicate about
Cam's Furniture?
(A) It is currently hiring new staff.
(B) It has two store locations.
(C) It is a family business.
(D) It specializes in used furniture.
197. In her text message, what does Ms. Fei
mention will happen on Monday?
(A) Some furniture will be delivered.
(B) Some clients will visit.
(C) A bill will be paid in full.
(D) A reception area will be closed for
remodeling.
198. What is suggested about Ms. Fei's
company?
(A) It raised its prices.
(B) It is located outside Ottawa.
(C) It is an interior design firm.
199. What can be concluded about the new
furniture purchased by Ms. Fei's company?
(A) It was sourced by Ms. Sarno.
(B) It comes with a money-back guarantee.
(C) It can be used indoors or outdoors.
(D) It was purchased from Ms. Fei.
200. In the online review, what does Ms. Fei
indicate about the members of the delivery
team?
(A) They used custom-made equipment.
(B) They arranged the new furniture
incorrectly.
(C) They offered to haul away the old
furniture.
(D) They stayed for longer than expected.

(D) It recently merged with another
organization.
