PART 6
Directions: Read the texts that follow. A word, phrase, or sentence is missing in parts of each text.
Four answer choices for each question are given below the text. Select the best answer to complete
the text. Then mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
Questions 131-134 refer to the following information.
Signs Press Plus is the region's oldest and most trusted sign 131 Our company creates signs
in many sizes and forms-banners, storefront signs, and even vehicle wraps. -We use our 132.
133. experience to design signs that allow our customers' enterprises to stand out from the
competition. We can help you get your business noticed! Call 575-555-0161 to--a consultation. 134.
131. (A) is made
(B) making
(C) to make
(D) maker MEMMI
133. (A) permanent
(B) rewarding
(C) extensive
(D) memorable
132. (A) Your order has been given prompt
attention.
134. (A) cancel
(B) set up
(B) We have been doing this for over
30 years.
(C) provide
(C) Some companies have delivery
trucks. (D) turn down
(D) These clients include signs in their
marketing plans.
Questions 135-138 refer to the following article.
Fill-Your-Cup Day Returns
COLUMBUS (June 16)-Nationwide convenience store chain Abel's Market is announcing the
return ofa well-known promotion not seen in three years. On June 22, customers
their own cups to participating Abel's Markets to receive half-price fountain drinks. The 135.
retailer urges creativity when defining a cup and posteda picture of a flower vase filled with
soda as an example onsocial media account.- Abel's Market encourages customers 136. 137.
to post pictures of their creative cups to their own social media accounts and to mention the
company in their posts.
Abel's Market has not stated whether Fill-Your-Cup Day will become an annual event as it
--was. 138.
135. (A) brought
(B) can bring
(C) would bring
(D) were bringing
136. (A) its
(B) our
(C) your
(D) them
EMMO138. (A) smoothly
(B) kindly
(C) previously
(D) constantly
137. (A) The company has increased its online
advertising budget.
(B) Note that Abel's Market no longer
provides vases.
(C) Fill-Your-Cup Day was once a highly
popular event.
(D) Any container that fits under the store's
soda machine may be used.
Questions 139-142 refer to the following Web page.
Castak Recruiting: What We Do
Since we started our operations more than ten years ago, we have helped countless job
seekers find employment----our online listings of job openings. However, that is not all we 139.
We also help employers find the most qualified candidates to fill their vacant positions in 140.
the shortest amount of time possible. Most human resources directors who use Castak
Recruitinghire new staff within two weeks of posting their job openings on our Web site. 141.
Castak Recruiting's service for companies is subscription based and provides numerous
affordable and customizable plans. 142.
139. (A) between
(B) versus
(C) over
(D) through
140. (A) offer
(B) assess
(C) suggest
(D) investigate
141. (A) successful
142. (A) Fees vary based on each company's
usage requirements.
MEMM
(B) successfully
(C) succeed
(D) success
(B) Our database contains many similar
positions.
(C) We recommend that you personalize
your messages.
(D) We are excited to welcome you to the
area.
Questions 143-146 refer to the following information.
Medical and Research Space for Lease
Etoile Centre, in the city of Brussels, is an outstanding place to work. Its ideal location
143. on-sile staff unbeatable access to public parks and local amenities. Etoile Centre's campus
is also in close proximity to top medical and academic institutions. Consequently, tenants report
how easy it is to nurture collaborations with leading--- who live and work in the area. 144.
,Etoile Centre's campus itself offers access to large conference rooms, several cafés, and 145.
two cafeterias. While Etoile Centre's North Tower is currently fully occupied, much of the
soon-to-be-opened South Tower is still available. --- 146.
143. (A) affords
(B) afforded
144.
(C) had to afford
(D) would be affording
(A) retailers
(B) scientists
(C) designers
(D) chefs
145. (A) In contrast
(B) As a result
(C) On one hand
(D) In addition
EMM
146. (A) However, hiring is down compared with
last year.
(B) Some companies are investing instead in
the local economy.
(C) Time is running out for these firms to join
the program.
(D) Construction is expected to finish in
early October.
