PART 7
Directions: In this part you will read a selection of texts, such as magazine and newspaper articles,
e-mails, and instant messages. Each text or set of texts is followed by several questions. Select the
best answer for each question and mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
Questions 147-148 refer to the following text-message chain.
Jane Equi |10:41 A.М.]
Hi Mateo. Brian Jaffers just called to cancel tomorrow's walk-through at
721 Union Street.
Mateo Rodriguez |10:42 A.M.]
That's too bad. That apartment is just right for him. Did you reschedule?
Jane Equi [10:44 A.M.]
Yes, for Thursday, just before you show the Rockledge Place property to
the Kim family. The two sites are very close to each other.
Mateo Rodriguez [10:45 A.M.
Great. Could you please confirm the time with Ms. Kim today?
Jane Equi |10:47 A.M.
Sure.
147. Who most likely is Mr. Rodriguez?
(A) Alandscape designer
(B) An administrative assistant
(C) A human resources director
(D) A real estate agent
148. At 10:45 A.M., what does Mr. Rodriguez
most likely mean when he writes, "Great"?
(A) He is excited about the results of his
work.
(B) He is glad about his company's new
location.
(C) He is pleased with Ms. Equi's work.
(D) He is interested in contacting
Mr. Jaffers.
Questions 149-150 refer to the following notice.
Wallaby Decking
Serving Queensland and Beyond
Congratulations on your new timber deck! Follow these tips to keep it in top shape
for years to come.
Apply a coat of UV sealant annually to shield the deck from the effects of
moisture and heat.
Keep the gaps between boards free of dirt and debris. Air must flow around
and between the boards to prevent moisture buildup.
Wash the deck periodically. Use a soft-bristled brush, a hose, and a
chemical-free detergent to clean away dirt without removing the finish.
Avoid water stains and mildew. Do not allow potted plants or other large,
heavy objects to rest directly on the surface of the deck.
149. What is indicated about the boards?
(A) They should be installed in shady
areas.
(B) They are waterproof.
150. What is NOT mentioned as a tip for deck
 maintenance?
(C) They have space between them.
(D) They are sold only in Queensland.
(A) Applying a weather-resistant coating
(B) Cleaning the surface regularly
(C) Removing stains with a chemical
cleaner
(D) Keeping plants off the surface
Questions 151-152 refer to the following article.
Hapkell Industries Pairs Up
with E&T Recycling Center
June 19-The computer technology company
Hapkell Industries just announced it will begin
working with E&T Recycling Centers. This
partnership will enable consumers to
responsibly recycle computer equipment, at
no personal cost, simply by taking it to а
collection center.
"Used computers make up a rapidly growing
waste source," said CEO Indira Kapoor. "As a
major producer of computer products, we
believe it is our obligation to reuse what we
can and keep heavy metals out of the landfills.
This is what prompted us to go forward with
this initiative."
Hapkell Industries originally sponsored two
pilot E&T collection sites and, given their
success, aims to add ten more sites by year's
end. To learn more about the initiative and for
a map of current and proposed collection sites,
visit ETrecyclingcenter.com.
151. According to Ms. Kapoor, why did her
company partner with a recycling firm?
152. What is stated about collection sites?
(A) To manufacture more affordable
computer products (A) They are not getting as much use as
expected.
(B) To follow a government environmental
policy
(B) They are no longer accepting
volunteers.
(C) To meeta responsibility as an industry
leader
(C) Their sanitary requirements are very
strict.
(D) To pursue a rewarding financial
opportunity
(D) Their locations can be found on an
online map.
Questions 153-154 refer to the following e-mail.
*E-mail*
To: Stan Anyati
From: Stella Gerraldi
Date: May 1
Subject: Café Marti
Dear Stan,
I called your shop yesterday and spoke with Andre about my vintage espresso maker. I
was surprised that he was able to find replacement parts for such an old machine. He
also re-created some parts that are no longer made. Apparently, there is a brass holder
for the manufacturer's nameplate that has not yet arrived from Italy. Once that arrives,
the restoration can be completed.
As we discussed earlier, I need the machine delivered by May 7. On May 8 we will
celebrate the tenth anniversary of the café's opening. The espresso machine has always
been our centerpiece. We use it on all our advertising. Even without the nameplate, I
need to have this vintage machine working for our celebrations.
Stella
machine?
(A) It is a symbol of the Café Marti.
(B) It has never worked very well.
(C) It was designed by Stan Anyati.
(D) It is ten years old.
(A) It has been redesigned.
(B) It will need to be re-created.
(C) The machine can function without it.
(D) The manufacturer in Italy sent it to the
wrong address.
Questions 155-157 refer to the following e-mail.
To: Department Managers
From: Margaret Langley
Date: December 27
Subject: Extended-absence greeting
Attachment: Sample message #5
Dear Managers,
In preparation for the upcoming holiday when offices will be closed, I'd like to remind
you that company policy requires each of our departments to replace the traditional
greeting on their voice messaging systems with an extended-absence greeting that will play
next week when callers are diverted to voice mail. This will involve making a new
recording, saving it to the system, and programming the system to activate the recording at
the close of our business day on Friday. Once you activate the extended-absence greeting,
it will override the traditional greeting through the holiday.
The attached document contains the text of the greeting you should record. This is the
same text we have used in the past, but as usual, the dates have been changed to reflect
the current closure. Please use this document to record your holiday greeting. Make sure
you activate it before you leave for the day on Friday.
155. What is the subject of the e-mail?
(A) A newly established company policy
(B) An improved way to access voice mail
(C) A procedure related to a holiday closing
(D) A change to the traditional shift
schedule
156. What is included as an attachment?
(A) A script to be read aloud
(B) A flyer announcing a company event
(C) Instructions for installing a new phone
(D) Transcripts of recorded customer calls
157. What is indicated in the e-mail about the
attached document?
(A) It is ready for publication.
(B) It is distributed annually.
(C) It is handed out to customers.
(D) It is intended only for new employees.
Questions 158-160 refer to the following notice.
Kimfor
Marketing Solutions
Thank you for your purchase of Kimfor Marketing Solutions e-mail software. We are
confident that this product will help you to develop your business.
As an added bonus, we are pleased to announce that free training is offered for all
of our products. These short but effective online seminars are a great opportunity for
businesses that are new to our products to ensure that they are utilizing the software
to its full potential.
Our instructors are professionals who have used our tools to grow their own businesses.
For more information and to make a reservation for a seminar, please visit our Web site
at kimformarketingsolutions.com/seminarsignup.
158. What is one purpose of the notice?
(A) To inform customers about a service
(B) To discuss a new product line
(C) To introduce a marketing instructor
(D) To remind customers of an upcoming
deadline
159. According to the notice, what qualification
do instructors share?
(A) They have worked for the company for
many years.
(B) They are experienced users of the
e-mail software.
(C) They participated in designing the
software.
(D) They work in the marketing department.
160. The word "grow" in paragraph 3, line 1,
is closest in meaning to
(A) become
(B) expand
(C) produce
(D) move

Questions 161-163 refer to the following article.
Chef and lifestyle coach Lana Watson has
announced her first foray into cosmetics
with the launch of a new skin care
business. Her Summer Garden skin care
line consists solely of products made
from organic ingredients and features
extracts from plants, fruits, and
vegetables. - [1] -.
"I've always served the healthiest
possible food in my restaurant," said
Ms. Watson. "Natural ingredients nourish
our health and beauty from the inside out.
[2] -. My skin care line utilizes only
the vitamins and proteins in foods, such
as spinach and cucumber, and combines
them to create powerful moisturizers and
cleansers that are free from artificial
chemicals. - [3] -."
Summer Garden products are suitable for
those with dry, sensitive, or combination
skin and will be available online and at
select retail stores beginning this
September. - [4] -
161. What is the article mainly about?
(A) Local organic farms
(B) Online shopping trends
(C) A new business venture
(D) Acompany merger
162. Wtet ndkesedabou SuninerCirten products?
(A) They are suitable for all ages.
(B) They are available for purchase now.
(C) They are relatively inexpensive.
(D) They contain no artificial ingredients.
163. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?
"It seemed logical to then create products to
nurture our skin from the outside in."
(A) [1]
(B) [2]
(C) [3]
(D) [4]
Questions 164-167 refer to the following online chat discussion.
Maria Zuccarini 5:30 P.M. Hi. This is my first time using the Dubonville community chat
room. Do any neighbors have experience laying a ceramic tile floor?
Yuqiu Wang 5:35 P.M. Hi, Maria. Are you looking to do it yourself? I put in a tile floor in my
kitchen last year and did all the work myself. I regret my decision, though.
Maria Zuccarini 5:37 P.M. I want to save money, so I'd rather not hire a professional. But I've
never done a project like this on my own before.
Dennis Gurka 5:41 P.M. People who are comfortable with home repairs can lay tile flooring
if they watch videos or attend a class. But it does take effort, time, and precision.
Yuqiu Wang 5:44 P.M. In my case, I had helped a friend with a tiling project prior to working
on my own kitchen. I also watched several videos on myhomefix.com before getting started. In
the future, I'd get professional help, though.
Yuqiu Wang 5:45 P.M. Dennis, do you have experience in this area? Do you think Maria
could tackle this project without a professional?
Maria Zuccarini 5:51 P.M. Interesting. Thanks for sharing your experience.
Dennis Gurka 5:58 P.M. I have my own flooring business. Whether she can depends on
several factors. Maria, will you need to cut the tile, install a drain, or flatten an uneven floor?
Maria Zuccarini 6:06 P.M. I just need to replace a few broken tiles, but I suspect this is not a
job for an amateur. Dennis, is the business in Dubonville? Could you send me your contact information?
Dennis Gurka 6:07 P.M. It's just outside the city limits. It's called Floors Forever. The phone
is 642-555-0143.
164. For whom is the chat room intended?
(A) People who live in the same town
(B) People who attend the same online
class
(C) People who work together for a large
company
(D) People who are planning a trip together
165. At 5:35 P.M., what does Ms. Wang most
likely mean when she writes, "I regret my
decision, though"?
(A) She did not end up saving money.
(B) She should have hired a professional.
(C) She would have preferred different
tiles.
(D) She did not need to remodel her
kitchen.
166. What is probably true about Mr. Gurka?
(A) He is Ms. Zuccarini's coworker.
(B) He has broken tiles in his home.
(C) He has a lot of experience laying tiles.
(D) He is taking a class at myhomefix.com.
167. What will Ms. Zuccarini most likely do next?
(A) Go shopping for ceramic tiles
(B) Search for a video on laying tiles
(C) Return a box of broken tiles
(D) Contact a business near Dubonville
Questions 168-171 refer to the following e-mail.
To: nora.simmons@heltlx.edu
From: e.agbayani@periodicalquest.com
Date: February 28
Subject: Periodical Quest
Dear Ms. Simmons,
This is a courtesy message to inform you that your monthly Periodical Quest membership
fee for March could not be processed due to an expired credit card. To avoid any service
disruptions, please visit periodicalquest.com/useraccount and update your billing information. If you have any difficulties, I will be happy to take you through the process.
Incidentally, while reviewing your account I noticed that you are not using our full range
of services. As a member, you have unlimited online access to our library of over 3,000
journals, newspapers, and magazines. Additionally, as a professor you can also benefit
from our resources for teaching and research purposes. It would seem that you did not
complete your member profile when you signed up for our service four months ago. Please
take a moment to review your member preferences. We want to make sure that you are
taking advantage of all that Periodical Quest has to offer.
Feel free to contact me if you have any questions regarding your account. If you wish to
cancel your membership, no further action is required.
Elena Agbayani
Periodical Quest
168. Why was Ms. Simmons contacted?
(A) Anew service is now available.
(B) A payment was not processed.
(C) An order will be delivered soon.
(D) An article needs to be revised.
169. What is indicated about Periodical Quest?
(A) It charges a monthly fee.
(B) It has just doubled its journal collection.
(C) Its Web site is easy to navigate.
(D) Its customer support team is available
24 hours a day.
170. What is indicated about Ms. Simmons?
(A) She works in the field of education.
(B) She recently e-mailed customer
service.
(C) She has been a Periodical Quest
member for many years.
(D) She intends to cancel her Periodical
Quest membership.
171. Who most likely is Ms. Agbayani?
(A) A magazine editor
(B) A bank representative
(C) A computer programmer
(D) An accounts manager
Questions 172-175 refer to the following Web page.
http://www.torontoconstructionshow.ca/magazine
Annual Show Magazine Frequently Asked Questions Home
Cement & Construction Monthly is produced by the organizers of the Toronto
Construction Show. It is published online each month. There is also a special
Annual Show print edition. - [1]-.
Cement & Construction Monthly offers a mix of industry news, product reviews,
and trade show information. - [2] -. Entertaining monthly columns cover
everything from job advice to advertising strategies.
This year Cement & Construction Monthly is beginning a mission to demonstrate
our high esteem for mentors in the industry. We are asking members to nominate
individuals who have excelled in a mentoring role. - [3] -. See the link below for
information on how to nominate someone. After reviewing the nominations, we will
select the top five mentors of the year. These winners will receive a special award at
the Toronto Construction Show on November 3. - [4] —. Their profiles and photos
will appear in the December edition of Cement & Construction Monthly.
Nomination form Links
Current year issuesREAArchive (old issues)
172. What is a purpose of the Web page?
(A) To explain a registration process
(B) To update a convention schedule
(C) To review a product
(D) To promote a trade publication
173. What new feature is being announced?
(A) A plan to honor mentors
175. In which of the positions marked [1], [2], [3],
and [4] does the following sentence best
belong?
"This is distributed to all registered visitors
to the show."
(A) [1]
(B) [2]
(C) [3]
(D) [4] (B) An online discussion forum
(C) On-site job interviews
(D) Monthly advice columns
174. What will happen on November 3?
(A) A special news report will be shown.
(B) Awards will be given out.
(C) Election results will be published.
(D) A photo collection will be displayed.
Questions 176-180 refer to the following form and e-mail.
62nd Annual Samsville Home and Garden Show
March 31 to April 2, Samsville Conference Pavilion
Exhibitor Application
Company name: Castillo Landscape Design
Contact name: Valia Castillo
Phone: 302-555-0198
E-mail: vcastillo@castillold.com
Web site: www.castillold.com
Items/services to be exhibited:
I will display photographs, plans, and models of available outdoor design
services that my company offers.
Additional information or requests:
I would like to request a second parking pass since one of my employees
will also be attending and helping to transport materials.
NOTE: This application is not a contract and does not guarantee a booth at the show. Space
is available on a first-come basis. Once your compieted application is received, a coordinator
will contact you within five business days to finalize your reservation and payment. Discounts
for members of Samsville Home and Garden will be automatically applied at the time of
payment. Any questions can be directed to our exhibition organizer, Ms. Faye Li, at
fli@samsvillehg.org. All applications are due by January 31.
E-Mail Message
To: vcastillo@castillold.com
From: rconway@samsvillehg.org
Date: February 1
Subject: Home and Garden Show
Attachment: Contract and Invoice
Dear Ms. Castillo:
We have received your exhibitor application for the 62nd Annual Samsville Home and
Garden Show. I am attaching your contract for a booth space and your invoice at the
discounted member rate. Please return a signed copy of your contract by February 10.
Your reservation includes one walled booth with an electrical outlet, exhibitor ID tags
for you and a colleague, and two parking passes, as your request for a second parking
pass was approved. Passes are typically limited to one per booth but we will make an
exception in this case, as you are a longtime member and exhibitor at our event.
We appreciate your continued participation and support.
Regards,
Rylan Conway, Vendor Coordinator
Samsville Home and Garden
176. What is Ms. Castillo planning to bring to the
show?
(A) Pictures of gardens
(B) Sample trees and plants
(C) Sample project estimates
(D) Gardening tools
177. What is typically included in a booth
reservation?
(A) An exhibitor sign
(B) A parking permit
(C) An annual membership
(D) A directory of local vendors
178. When did Ms. Castillo most likely submit
her application?
(A) In January
(B) In February
(C) In March
(D) In April
179. What is suggested about Ms. Castillo?
(A) She works at Samsville Home and
Garden.
(B) She has lived in Samsville for ten
years.
(C) She requested an additional electrical
outlet.
(D) She will pay a reduced price for her
booth space.
180. Why does Mr. Conway make an exception
for Ms. Castillo?
(A) She is a past organizer for the event.
(B) She often participates in the show.
(C) She agreed to pay an extra fee.
(D) She submitted avery strong
application.
Questions 181-185 refer to the following Web page and e-mail.
http: //ww.projectelements.com
Team Plans About Us Resources FAQ
All of your project management needs-All in one place-All online.
Project Elements LLC develops project management software for use in companies
both small and large. Our proprietary software will serve you from start to finish,
helping your teams to communicate, schedule, and manage information.
Team Basic
Get your team of five started with our Basic solution. Task management, file sharing,
and mobile accessibility will be at your fingertips. Add 100 GB of online data storage
space in the cloud for a small additional fee.
Team Creative
This option is the best solution for small teams of up to 35 creative professionals. In
addition to all the Team Basic features, get video editing tools, graphic design software,
and 300 GB of cloud storage for all of your design needs.
Team Player
Teams of up to 50 excel with this enhanced service. Get all the features of Team Basic,
plus timelines, advanced integration with second-party platforms, and up to 400 GB of
cloud space for your team.
Team Leader
This option is best for teams of up to 100. Get all of the features of Team Player, plus
enhanced options for personalization, resource tracking, time tracking, 500 GB of cloud
space, and fast video uploads for a seamless team experience.
Need more convincing? We were recognized for our software quality with the Gold Star
Start-Up Awards by Work Winner Magazine two years in a row. To hear more about
Project Elements success stories, check out our client testimonials in the About Us tab.
To: |ebennis@projectelements.com
From:
Subject:
Date:
Dear Mr. Bennis,
jasbury@clarelcommunications.com
Project Elements Upgrade
December 5
I am the new director of digital advertising for Clarel Communications. Robert Roust, the
former director, told me how valuable the Project Elements platform has been, and I want
to explore with you a potential change in Clarel's current plan. We are presently a team of
45 but anticipate growing to 55 members over the next year. The team likes the storage
feature, but they would be interested in a plan with more than 400 GB and better
personalization options. Is there a plan that will fit our needs?
Looking forward to hearing from you,
Julia Asbury
Director of Digital Advertising
Clarel Communications
181. How would Project Elements software most
likely be used?
(A) For ordering products online
(B) For working together as a team
(C) For training new managers
(D) For monitoring social media posts
182. What is true about Project Elements LLC?
(A) It has received an industry award.
(B) It has been in business for over ten
years.
(C) It purchased Clarel Communications.
(D) It publishes a technology magazine.
183. Why was the e-mail sent?
(A) To register a product
(B) To request technical help with a product
(C) To explain a product registration issue
(D) To seek advice in choosing a product
184. Which product will Mr. Bennis probably
recommend?
(A) Team Basic
(B) Team Creative
(C) Team Player
(D) Team Leader
185. In the e-mail, the word "fit" in paragraph 1,
line 6, is closest in meaning to
(A) match
(B) agree to
(C) rely on
(D) adjust
Questions 186-190 refer to the following advertisement, e-mail, and form.
Ride Away Vehicles Summer Special
Save 15 percent off our rates* during the month of July for travel within Ireland.
Compact Car €21
Standard Car €32
Full-Size Sedan €46
Van €52
Call 020 917 1212 or book online at www.ride-awayvehicles.co.ie.
*Price advertised is the daily rate for eligible drivers, inclusive of value-added tax
(VAT) and the basic protection plan. Additional fees may apply. Please contact a
Ride-Away Vehicles representative for more information.
To:
From:
yayoiadachi@jrengineering.co.jp
info@rideawayvehicles.co.ie
Date: 14 July
Subject: Reservation confirmation - #122055
Dear Ms. Adachi,
Your car rental reservation is confirmed. Here are the details per the terms of your rental:
Pickup: 21 July, 9:00 A.M. at Ride-Away Vehicles, Shannon Airport, Shannon, Ireland
Drop-Off: 29 July, 5:00 P.M. at Ride-Away Vehicles, Cork City Centre, Cork City, Ireland
Rate: €21/day X 8 days = €168 (includes unlimited mileage and navigational system/GPS)
Model: Colaba Seasider or similar
Important Information: The driver must present a valid driving licence at pickup.
Additional charges may apply for any changes to the reservation, including changes to the
pickup or drop-off date, time, or location. A €25 service fee will be assessed for vehicles
returned without a full tank of petrol in addition to the cost of fuel.
Thank you for choosing Ride-Away Vehicles. Please call 020 917 1212 with any questions.
Ride-Away Vehicles Return Form
Completed By: Henry Riordan, Assistant Manager, Cork City Centre location
Driver Name: Yayoi Adachi
Model/Number Plate:
Colaba Seasider, 161-C-45329
Gas Tank: Half full
Kasei Adachi
Driver's Signature
Date/Time of Return: 29 July, 4:40 P.M.
Condition of Vehicle: No damage
Odometer Reading:
33,763 kilometers
186. What is Ride-Away Vehicles advertising?
(A) A free day of rental
(B) A reduced daily rate
(C) A free upgrade to a larger vehicle
(D) A waiver of additional fees
187. What will happen on July 21?
(A) A promotion period will end.
(B) A confirmation will be sent.
(C) Ms. Adachi will be at Shannon Airport.
(D) Ms. Adachi will add a driver to her
contract.
188. What does the e-mail indicate about
Ride-Away Vehicles?
(A) They operate from multiple locations.
(B) They charge a fee for the use of a
GPS.
(C) They apply a discount on rentals one
week or longer.
(D) They receive payment before
confirming a reservation.
189. What type of vehicle did Ms. Adachi rent?
(A) A compact car
(B) A standard car
(C) A full-size sedan
(D) A van
190. What is suggested about Ms. Adachi?
(A) She did not receive a GPS.
(B) She returned her car late.
(C) She did not get the car she requested.
(D) She will be charged a €25 service fee.

Questions 191-195 refer to the following product description, online review, and online response.
http://www.stylero.com/printers/RD525
Home Computers Printers Ink & Toner Accessories Support
Product: Stylero RD525 Three-in-One Printer
Price: Regularly $120.00 Now $99.99 (Offer valid March 1-March 15)
Includes one complimentary Stylero-01 (black) ink cartridge with purchase! Stylero
color ink cartridges sold separately.
The RD525 is one of our most popular models: a wireless color printer, scanner, and
photocopier in one. It's perfect for everyday printing needs in homes, classrooms,
and small offices. Though compatible with many brands of ink cartridges, we
recommend our own Stylero-brand ink, which lasts up to twice as long as other
products. A three-year warranty is available for $7.95.
http://www.loveitornot.com/productreviews/stylero/RD525
(April 3) I bought the Stylero RD525 last month for my home office. I give digital
photography lessons out of my home several nights per week and need easy access to
color prints for my students' work in my classes. I haven't had any trouble with the
photocopier or scanner, and the quality of the prints is excellent in both color and in black
and white. However, I've been experiencing delays with the printer feature at times. There
is a five-minute lag between sending my prints from the computer and when the printing
actually begins. I can't use this device for instant prints in class, or I lose valuable class
time. I wish I'd bought a different printer, or at least bought the warranty to get it
repaired!
Alicia Boisvert
http://www.loveitornot.com/productreviews/stylero/RD525
(April 5) I bought this printer for my classroom and noticed the same issue that
Ms. Boisvert described. There is a relatively simple fix though. Most printers go into
"sleep mode" to conserve energy between prints. If the length of time before entering
sleep mode is set for too short a time, there will be a delay between sending the photos
from the computer and the actual printing because the printer will need to warm up each
time. Make sure you adjust the sleep mode feature to wait at least an hour before going
to sleep. The instructions are in the manual. I always turn the printer on a few minutes
before class and it doesn't pose an issue. It's an easy adjustment and I think the RD525
is a good product for the price.
Antonio Thompson
191. What is indicated about the Stylero
RD525?
(A) It requires Stylero brand ink.
(B) It can function as a photocopier.
(C) It was sold at a discount for a month.
(D) It will be discontinued after March 15.
192. What did Ms. Boisvert most likely spend
additional money on?
(A) A monitor
(B) A three-year warranty
(C) A scanner
(D) Color ink cartridges
194. What is suggested about both Ms. Boisvert
and Mr. Thompson?
(A) They are teachers.
(B) They returned the Stylero RD525.
(C) They enjoy photography.
(D) They have printers at home.
195. What advice does Mr. Thompson give
regarding the Stylero RD525?
193. What does Ms. Boisvert say about the
Stylero RD525?
(A) It is durable.
(B) It produces good prints.
(C) It is expensive.
(D) It requires regular maintenance.
(A) Unplug it between uses.
(B) Replace its power button.
(C) Adjust one of its features.
(D) Turn it on an hour in advance.
Questions 196-200 refer to the following chart, customer query, and notice to guests.
Baardsen Laundry Machine Series
Model Load
Capacity
Loading
Door
Position
Automatic
Detergent
Pre-wash
Cycle
Dispenser
Lute 9 kg Front Yes No
Xenon 10 kg Front No No
Indium 12 kg Front Yes Yes
Mercury 14 kg Front Yes Yes
Note: Baardsen washers with a load size greater than 10 kg are outfitted with Fluxstat
water-saving technology.
Issue with Baardsen
Posted by: Patricia Canton
I bought my Baardsen washing machine five months ago for use at my bed and
breakfast inn. Overall, I have been satisfied with the appliance features. The extra
rinse cycle is helpful for guests who are sensitive to chemicals or perfumes in
laundry detergent. I needed a washer with the largest capacity so it could handle my
typical volume of bed linens and towels. The main issue with my machine has been
an annoying banging sound. It happens sometimes when the guests use the machine.
It is a problem because the laundry room is situated just off the patio where guests
often dine. I sent a message to the company asking for help and they informed me
that the load needs to be evenly distributed in the wash tub. But that didn't prove to
be the source of the problem. How can I get rid of this noise?
Patty's Bed and Breakfast Guest Services:
Kitchen:
Enjoy the lovely spring weather by taking your breakfast, served between
8:00 and 9:30 A.M., on the patio. We offer self-service for coffee and tea around
the clock. The household coffeemaker and tea kettle are next to the stove, and
supplies are stored in the cupboard nearby.
Laundry Room:
Fresh towels are provided daily and bed linens are changed weekly. If you
would like to use the washing machine, please choose the eco-saving setting.
Select your preferred temperature and power setting. When adding detergent,
make sure the detergent drawer is closed tightly before you start the machine. If
not properly secured, it may open during the rinse cycle and cause a bothersome
noise. Also, the extra-rinse option is recommended if you have any sensitivity to
laundry soap.
Patricia Canton, Proprietor
196. According to the chart, what is true about all
Baardsen laundry-machine models?
(A) They use the same water-saving
feature.
(B) They are energy efficient.
(C) They release laundry detergent
automatically.
(D) They are loaded through a door on the
front of the appliance.
197. What washing machine model did
Ms. Canton most likely purchase?
(A) Lute
(B) Xenon
(C) Indium
(D) Mercury
198. According to Ms. Canton's query, when is a
noise particularly annoying?
(A) When she uses the machine
(B) When guests of the inn are sleeping
(C) When guests of the inn are eating
(D) When the laundry dryer is also running
199. According to the notice, what is available to
guests at any time?
(A) Fresh towels
(B) Hot beverages
(C) Box lunches
(D) Refrigerators in guest rooms
200. What advice did Ms. Canton most likely
receive as a reply to her query?
(A) Avoid overloading the washing
machine.
(B) Always use the water-saving setting.
(C) Always select the extra-rinse feature.
(D) Ensure that the soap drawer is firmly
closed.
