PART 6
Directions: Read the texts that follow. A word, phrase, or sentence is missing in parts of each text.
Four answer choices for each question are given below the text. Select the best answer to complete
the text. Then mark the letter (A), (B), (C), or (D) on your answer sheet.
Questions 131-134 refer to the following Web page.
Commercial relocation may at first appear -------, but Mester Movers will work with you to make 131.
the process as simple as possible. Whether you are relocating an office, factory, or laboratory
across town or across the country, we have the people, technology, and resources to----your 132.
move with efficiency.
We take special care when packing small and delicateobjects. -------, we make sure that large 133.
items such as desks, filing cabinets, and chairs are also ready for the move by providing you with
special tags. 134.
131. (A) complication
(B) complicated
(C) complicates
(D) complicate
132. (A) handling
(B) handled
(C) handle
(D) handles
133. (A) Rather
(B) In brief
(C) In other words
(D) At the same time
134. (A) Our Moving Guide will explain how to
properly affix them. (B) Your employer will tell you when the
move will occur.
(C) We travel on back roads to get them
moved quickly.
(D) We have a dozen moving trucks on
our fleet.
Questions 135-138 refer to the following instructions.
Purchase Order Guidelines
Mapleshades Medical Center authorizes certain employees to purchase goods and services for
company-related business. To purchase a item or service, fill out the online request form. 135.
Use the form to-a description of the item needed. Also, briefly explain why the purchase is 136.
necessary. Note that your 137.may affect subsequent decisions. If the request entails replacing
a device that is out of order, bring the matter to the attention of Mr. Rowen, head of the
Maintenance Division, before submitting the request. Please direct any questions you may 138.
have related to the purchase of office supplies and equipment to the Purchasing Department.
135. (A) specify
(B) specific
(C) specifics
(D) specifically
136. (A) view
(B) change
(C) provide
(D) find
137. (A) retirement
(B) score
(C) experience
(D) justification
138. (A) He has studied all possible options in
detail.
(B) He will determine whether such action is
warranted.
(C) It has a staff of six who service our two
office buildings.
(D) It is usually maintained on a monthly
basis.
Questions 139-142 refer to the following memo.
From: Hong Kong Princess Center Administration
To: All Princess Center residents
Date: 17 October
Subject: Higwam workers to maintain C-level elevators
-the past week you may have experienced increased wait times for our C-level elevators, 139.
which service floors 25 through 36. We have contacted Higwam, our elevator maintenance
contractor, who---- repairs in the elevator shafts. 140.
This is to alert all residents that beginning tomorrow and through the end of the week, you are
likely to see Higwam technicians working in the lobby. They are planning to work on one unit at a
time in order to keep the others operational while repairs are in progress, so for the next few
--, there may continue to be prolonged wait times. 141. 142.
For any questions, please contact our office. We apologize for the inconvenience and appreciate
your patience.
139. (A) Between
(B) After
(C) Over
(D) Inside
140. (A) was conducting
(B) will be conducting
(C) would conduct
(D) is now conducting
141. (A) hours
(B) days
(C) weeks
(D) months
WEE (A) Alternatively, you may use the service
elevator in the rear of the building.
(B) Complimentary refreshments will be
available to the workers in the lobby.
(C) Elevator repairs can be costly, which is
why we request your collaboration.
(D) Our B-level elevators suffered a
service disruption last month as well.
Questions 143-146 refer to the following article.
DAKAR (August 4)-Nentique Laboratories, Inc., announced today the development of a new
variety of organic wheat that ------- heat. Dozens of plants were cross-pollinated over many years 143.
to produce this variety, known as GR-712. It joins a growing list of ------- that can withstand high 144.
temperatures during extended dry periods. "Some farmers in regions close to the equator focus
on rice production because rice grows well in hot climates. But in the Sahara, it is too dry 145.
for much of the year," explains company spokesman Ahmad Niang. "But for a small investment in
GR-712 seeds, farmers will now be able to grow wheat in our region." This added income 146.
can, in turn, be reinvested in better machinery, which will encourage more environmentally
friendly farming practices.
143. (A) tolerates
(B) tolerable
(C) tolerate
(D) tolerating
144. (A) fuels
(B) materials
(C) vehicles
(D) crops
145. (A) exclude
(B) exclusion
(C) exclusive
(D) exclusively
146. (A) There is more rainfall in the region in
 August and September.
(B) Nentique believes diversification of this
kind will lead to greater profits.
(C) A common name for the new species
is yet to be determined.
(D) This merger will also help streamline
Nentique's production process.
